You, the crushed child from Kwangtung?
child whose lectures in the baskets of the propagation in Sierras and stretched the dawn into the scalp in the rock?
I want you just to turn you into the flour on the wall.
your forefront now turns in the grapecs.
you're too much pressure on me. You're pressing on me.
I am not slave. I am not slave.
I was a protector. I was a protector. I was a protector.
I was with a shocking choping.
I send house a little money less.
I don't have a  ⁇ as eat. I don't have a  ⁇ as to eat.
is my  ⁇ asto evil. I am  ⁇ asto zlé.
if I die, I'm fucked in the fuck.
my family will be in the fuck.
and for the purpose of the way?
what do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean?
, however, none of the interested parties had submitted an alternative to the interested party.
The revision is based on the adjusted capacity data provided by the applicant and covering the entire Union industry.
The revised data are accompanied by reference to publicly available data relating to the unused capacity and capacity of producers who have stopped operation due to financial difficulties.
as explained in Section 6 ‘Makroeconomic indicators’, revised data provide a much more precise set of capacity data available for biofuels during the period considered than the data originally supplied and published in the provisional Regulation.
each error of error each error of error.
know what it's like? Do you know what it's like?
you have a lot of salt for heavy sins.
you can find little for light sins for the sunbath of the light sins.
do you understand? Do you understand? Do you understand?
, the man killed a boy and I helped him to help him.
I was happy. I was happy. I was happy.
forgive me this.
you need to go to work!
Geum-jao, what do those eye shadows mean?
you know why those kids... why do you know why those kids...
, hey!
here is another! Here's another!
s Hello?
: Commission communication to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions: the Digital Agenda for Europe, COM(2010) 245 final, 28.8.2010.
Study in Europe Erasmus and programme Leonardo da Vinci European Commission Home News Transport and Travel Energy and Natural Resources EU in Bustion Economic, Finance and Taxes, Education and Youth Employment and Social Rights Regions and local development Justice and Civil Rights Science and Technology EU Environment Policy Employment and Social Rights Agriculture, Fisheries and Food Environment, Consumer Protection and Health Study and Health Study abroad?
Yo, you don't want to see the cell, shit.
do the document you do? Do you have this?
now, now get out of the way. Now, get out of the way.
, the house is not on the sale.
so what was it? What was it? What was it?
was it... experience?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
, it was certainly a experience of experience.
What is it for smelling like stink?What is it smelly?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
... secret Navaj's flowers and...
is it all right?
not. No. No. No.
even not even a no.
actually, not even at all, not even.
: Application of EU legislation Reply of the Council (3 November 2009)
was only a test...
, Samah watched Xara with a wristful prosper in his eyes.
that was all that was. It was all.
test is a difficult test.
was to teach you this humility and patience.
it should have mitigated your aggressiveity..."
," Xar said quietly.
," said Samah, and slowly bowed his head.
weaken you are weakened."
you were afraid of us."
We were afraid of you we were afraid of you."
you hoped we die..."
not." No."
, Samah shook his head.
Labyrint became a prolongation of this hope.
is nothing larger or older than the universe.
I would like to discuss the following questions:
We are alone in the universe in the universe? Are we ourselves in the universe?
, under Articles 46 EC and 55 EC, Articles 43 EC and 49 EC do not preclude restrictions justified by public health reasons.
I say what I heard. I'm hearing.
they heard the other cops.
, that means that Koná ⁇ i ⁇ i ⁇ i ⁇ i will go after me. It means that K ⁇ j ⁇ í ⁇ í ⁇ a will go after me.
fuckin' shit.
that is to be the backup. It is for the defendant.
I don't have anything to do with Freeb, just help you. And nobody knows it, except cops.
, did they go on to me? Did they go on to me?
each other has someone. Every person has someone.
, do you want me to departure?
, that you told me that I'd leave, -there will not help me.
I'll go to the dejinud. I'll go to the dejinud.
, so I should go. So I should go.
, the glory.
and you watch your tongue.
Naser, Naser, Naser, naser, naser, himself.
Come here to sit down here!
I have no time to do. I have no time.
Come with me! Come with me!
you're going to eat later.
Come! Let's go!
don't put into me or I'll give you sexes.
, Oswald, watch who's here!
no one can walk behind him.
but how?But how?How?
what are you doing here? What do you do here?
I teach you to listen to you I will teach you to listen to you!
outside!
always, it always stands up.
Where is Dana? Where is Dana?
, he is on the roof.
Good, stay there.
, repeat, I am interested in the address here.
, he shot down and this fly down, and this fly down!
Give me the key! Give me the key!
I'm going to spend him down, swear!
Give me the key.
so, the child.
Give me the key and nothing will happen to you.
I give you my word! I give you my word!
, you might, you magore!
Help! Help!!
Help! Help!!
help me someone! Help me someone!
my father, my father. My father.
it sounds beautifully. It sounds beautifully.
what is it? What is it? What is it?
ful song that my people singed.
And someone singed her to you? Did someone sing her?
all of them all. Everybody.
Beautiful Rebek, the Queen of Corza, so they called me!
, the boys were more thoroughly, because they knew that the day was going to pass through the main street.
I was walking from the house of the mother Tereza to the Greek Zorby River.
and then back again. And then again back again.
there you met him there? Did you meet him?
not. No. No. No.
it happened here. right behind the corner. right next to the corner.
, people were not getting themselves among themselves at that time.
, "Beforest!" Abner Marsh said, and Abner Marsh.
"Do you shut down the window, damn, hear the windows?
no light inside the inside of the door shall be light."
I like challenges. I like challenges.
I didn't think it was. I didn't think it.
, when you can tell what you think, you say nothing.
the assessment will start tomorrow morning. The assessment will start tomorrow morning.
before I come, you'll prepare traditional food.
you never told me that your wife was against marriage.
, Sirrela is a woman with strong conviction.
trusts that we are joining our family with foreigners, we lose our identity as Klingoni.
This is the foreseen and xenophobic opinion.
, we're Klingoni, Working, Worldf.
we do not accept foreign culture, we are good to them.
who wants to join us must honor our tradition and show that he is a holi of a big house character.
Jadzia is worthy of Jadzia is a good hour.
is a honorary woman and a great fighter. It is a honorary woman and a great fighter.
, as referred to in paragraph 2 shall not establish any liability of natural or legal persons, entities and bodies providing financial resources or economic resources, unless they knew and did not have reasonable reason to assume that they have infringed that prohibition.
Article 3 1.
Article 2(2) shall not apply to the entry into frozen accounts:
Gilles Caulierer Cauliereria, Gilles Cauliererereria, Gilles Cauliererererereria, Gilles Caulierererereriaer Cauliererrierereria, and the Gilles Caulier Caucasus,
The Developer developer developer developer developer, a developer developer, a developer developer developer, etc.
Instrument tools for Tools (SA) Tools Instrument, Instrumentation of Tools, Instrumentation of Tools
The main instrument barbaric toolbar for the main instrumental barrier, principal toolbarrier barrier, principal toolbarrier barrier barrier to the main instrumental barrier barrier barrier to the extent of the main instrumental barrier
the temporal panorama file does not exist.
the timeline of the project is not a timetable of the project.
PTO file has already been created in a temporary directory.
PTO file cannot be created in a temporary directory.
the processing of a file failhalo file.
the operation cancelled the Operation.
The creation of the Tiff figure was not able to succeed.
, the transfer of Raw file failed to fail.
Carmacinoma, colorectal cancer and breast cancer In monotherapy, capecitabine in adjuvant therapy with a fat colorectal cancer, in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer or locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer, the starting dose is recommended twice daily (rano and evening; this corresponds to a total daily dose of 2500 mg/m2) for 14 days with the following 7 days without dosing.
duration of 6 months of treatment of patients with colon cancer in Studio III is recommended for a duration of treatment of 6 months.
combination therapy with Kacinoma colorectal cancer and stomach cancer In combination treatment, recommended starting dose of capecitabine should be reduced to 800 to 1000 mg/m2 when administered twice daily for 14 days followed by a stop of 7 days or 625 mg/m2 twice daily at continuous administration (see section 5.1).
1 day, irinotecan is recommended starting dose of 800 mg/m2 when administered twice daily for 14 days followed by a stop of 7 days, irinotecan is administered at a dose of 200 mg/m2 at day 1.
Adding the bevacizumab to the combined starting dose of capecitabine does not affect the capecitabine.
should be administered before starting treatment with cisplatin premedication prior to initiation of cisplatin therapy and premedication of antimetics prior to initiation of cisplatin.
, in patients treated with capecitabine plus oxaliplatin, the premedication of antimetics is recommended by the Summary of Product Characteristics for oxaliplatin.
Adjuvant therapy with a fat intestinal intestinal 3 carcinoma is recommended in duration 6 months.
breast cancer In combination with docetaxel, the starting dose of capecitabine is recommended in the treatment of metastatic breast cancer 1250 mg/m2 twice daily for 14 days with the following 7-day stop without administration of the product, docetaxel is administered at 75 mg/m2 in the form of intravenous infusion lasting 1 hour every three weeks.
, in patients receiving capecitabine in combination with docetaxel, oral corticosteroids, e.g. dexamethasone, according to the instructions set out in the Docetaxel product summary.
Capecitabine Teva dose calculation Capecitabine Teva Teva Teva dose Capecitabine Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva dose adjustment Capecitabine Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Tevava Tevavava Tevavava Tevavavavava Tevavavavavavava Tevavavavava Tevavavavavava Tevava Tevavavavava Tevavavavavava Tevavavavavavavavavava Tevavavavavavavavavavava Tevavavavavavavavavava Tevavavavavavavavava Tevavavavava Tevavavavavavava Teva Tevava Teva Teva Tevavavavavavava Teva Tevava Teva Tevavavavava Teva Tevava Tevava Teva Teva Teva Tevavava Tevavava Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Tevava Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva Teva dose adjustment, is
body at the initial dose of 1250 mg/m2 oral dose 1250 mg/m2
, in Paris, he tried to kill his time and waited for a meeting with former colleague from DGSE.
"So do they decide, when?"
"Yes, the date is given, Dmitriji."
"So I have to go and who call to the contractor to the meeting."
"Do you have to meet him personally?" he asked American, according to Popov's point of view, somewhat stupid.
slightly laughed.
"Good friend, but he is personally speaking to his friend, but he is personally.
such things are not to be prepared by fax."
"This is risky."
"Just slightly. "Just a little.
the meeting shall be carried out on a safe location.
what is it in the mouth? What does it have in his mouth?
, transferable transposer transposer.
, in order to not know that the report sent from the aircraft.
is good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good.
, he loves Halloween.
that is without savings.
how long did you plan it? How long did you plan it?
Moon moon.
What is 12?
, I don't understand your pleasure, which you are located in the pleasure of you located in the city of your pleasure, which you are located in the town of Michael, I don't understand your pleasure, which you are located in the area of your pleasure.
, people are afraid of each other. Halloween are people to fear each other.
but you did not give them the opportunity to negotiate (ang.: punish).
is his favorite holiday, Kitte. Kitte.
What is your favorite holiday, Saro?
: Ireland and the incineration of waste Answer from the Commission (14 April 2008)
third questions concern the attachability of the conduct.
that question is essentially to establish whether the Commission could legitimately impose liability for the infringement committed by another undertaking on the basis of a unilateral statement issued by TKS.
I would like to clarify that the public authority, such as the Commission, whose role is to be taken into account the application of the principles laid down in Article 81 EC, cannot depart from rules and principles relating to the attributability of the conduct under the specific agreements concluded between undertakings.
so let's go. Let's go.
well, live and healthy and healthy.
so here. So here. So here.
when you talk about living and healthy how is Kometa on the Comet?
about the car with the car, don't you worry, okay?
, old care of your things.
, I'm not going to tell you twice now, I'm not gonna tell you twice.
Don't approve it. Don't approve.
, stay away from it.
just said it twice.
, it was one for everyone. It was one time for everyone.
right. Well, okay.
, remember, today you have a first training with children alone with the first training.
, they are working to remain in the oppacts.
nothing to eat.
what would I do, do I would kidnapping them?
, to supply supplies.
so let's go. Let's go.
all of you have said the right to the ticket.
, the authorization of the ticket is quite unsubstantial.
measures to prevent fraud and irregularities of the ICAC Committee guarantee that OLAF (European Anti-Fraud Office) or other financial services will make available to the accounting book to enable audit or control to be carried out if the Commission has requested.
ICAC undertakes to ensure the course of inspections, investigations or visits in its premises.
I am not realistic. I am not really real.
, my God. Oh, my God.
? Did you call on the police? Did you call the police?
, behold.
that is vicious. That is called.
tell me that it's some special effect.
I am alive. I am alive. I am alive.
I'm okay, I'm okay. I'm okay.
I'm okay, I'm okay. I'm okay.
What the fuck is it? What the fuck is it? What the fuck is it?
I was just saying that, too, I said.
might not be miracles in Lourdes.
is there a chance that you should be interested in examining this?
you have something else, apart from that recording?
only the return address on the envelope.
, it was a super idea of poor guy.
, rather, you'll drive it a car from here quickly or take it to the popellers.
, the fact that fun, the fact that he was fun.
I can't go, go on to him and tell me I'm sorry.
Yeah, I could think, just if I open the door.
I can't lose, it's just Brouk.
God, Kevin, Kevin, Kevin!
Kevinine, Kevin, Kevin!
Magg, what do you do?
Kevinine, Kevin, Kevin!
what you try to put the stupid car!?
I thought you would not have to race anymore.
that was incredible! It was incredible!
, the jessors sat down and now sat in the circle around two officers.
Johnus wished he had a far-view with him and he could see them close to the nearby.
, he seemed to hold one of the officers in his hands of the gun and the headed was inserted into the mouth.
was a pistol to reach him and Janus watched the officer twisted on his side.
joined the Gambion Gambion to Janus.
nothing. Nothing. Nothing.
so you're going to be so much like this you're going to spend a day?
does it not lead to channels or something?
can you show me this?
not. No. No. No.
why are you... why are you...?
knows Buffy, Are you here? Do you know Buffy know that you're here?
Yeah, yeah, clearly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, clearly.
would not be more than the finding that I spend time in the doupati denying the doupati.
, especially in your own.
go home. Go home.
, but here, damn, you can't stay here.
why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not?
, because I have something to do with my work.
 ⁇ sten, evil things!
Ethanol content and sodium This medicinal product contains a small amount of ethanol (alcohol), less than 100 mg in one 17 ml vial.
This medicinal product contains less than 23 mg sodium in one 17 ml vial, i.e. the substance “no sodium” is essentially “no sodium”.
to create random texture in the form of clouds forming a random texture in the form of clouds, creating a random texture in formula of clouds formulation of clouds, creating a random texture in formula for clouds
, creating random plasma texturuit texture, random plasma texturuate, and create a random plasma texturuum texturuous texturuature, creating a random plasma texturuous texturuous texturuature,
_archiv ⁇  _archiv ⁇  _archiv ⁇  _archiv ⁇ sv ⁇ ve ⁇  _archiv ⁇  _archiv ⁇  _archiv ⁇  _archiv ⁇   ⁇  _archiv ⁇ 
Create archives... create archives...
Create archives... create archives...
Create Archives Archive Archives Archives to create archive and create archive archive archives, creating archives archives, creating archives archives, creating archives archives archives, creating archives archives, and archives
: Create AR code codecode AR codecode codecode Create AR code code codecode codecodecodecodecodecode AR code codecode codecode codecode codecode codecode codecode codecode codecode codecode codecode codecode codecode codecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecodecoderate
, the creation of a medium for the renewal of the operating system of operating system for restoring the operating system of operating system for restoring the operating system of operation system of the operation system of the operation system of the operation system of the operation system of the operation system of the system of operation system
Create the object of the rectangle generator objects to create a rectangle controller
, create a rectangular trace of the rectangular trace, creating a rectangular trace of the rectangular trace, creating a rectangular trace of the rectangular trace.
, create a rectangular trail with prolifted ornamental edge with the proliferation of the rectangular trace, creating a rectangular track with a proliferation of the proliferation of the rolling edge of the rolling strap with the proliferation of the ropes of the rolling edge
, the re-enterment is created by the re-enter of the pallet colours of pallettes, which is designed to be more than the colours of the pallet colours of the pallet colours of the pallettes.
’s arguments must be the positive whole number of numbers of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of
: Create a root offer “Ak_ce-Nautilus”
: "Barbariers," he said.
it didn't matter, and why should it be? Why should it be?
everything he dreamed was here in Krystal-Tirith, and he had no desire to travel somewhere.
desire if only after his will were.
, in his magic, he was a relic, who was actually alive in his magic.
, and part of her life was the desire to take the desire after the time and control.
she wanted more. She wanted more.
she wanted power to do so. she wanted power.
when Akar noticed the smoke and remembered the Ten-month, awakening her hungry and now on Kessella down her strong surgestive power.
his mind was a sudden necessity of the idea of his mind.
he saw himself sit on the throne of Bryn Shander, he flushed in the wealth and the whole courtyard clowned him.
, he imagined the response of the tower of the magic sciences in Luskan, there's magnesium, and especially Eldeluca and Dendybara, when they heard about Akar Kesell, Mr of Tenmma and the rulers of the whole of the Ice Wind!
if they offer him the cloak of their ridiculous order?
, even though Kessela really loved his lone life, this thought was a glorious life, he liked him.
he thought his fantasy, he examined the paths he could achieve so challenging targets.
The main objective of the European Innovation Partnership (EIP) in the field of active and healthy ageing is to increase the average duration of healthy life in the EU for two years by 2020.
partnerships seeks to improve the quality of life of older citizens and more effective health care solutions.
is measured at the use of innovations in a larger scale than now, in such areas such as health promotion, prevention, early diagnosis and treatment, integrated health and social care systems, and assistant technologies.
The Commission will carry out a response analysis to consultations to obtain a clear view of the potential and innovation capacity in different areas that have an impact on ageing at the present time.
, on the basis of these answers, further progress in the European Innovation Partnership is planned on the basis of these answers.
online consultation is also held with the European Partnership Conference on the Innovation Innovation in the field of active and healthy ageing, which is held in Brussels today.
than 150 representatives of interested parties are discussing their views as to transform partnerships on specific actions.
The European Partnership's "Innovation Strategy" is part of the EU's "Innovation" strategy, one of the flagship initiatives of Europe 2020, aimed at transforming ideas in jobs, environmental growth and social progress (IP/10/1288).
, the Union has a three-threshold: enabling Europe to achieve scientific results at world level, to change the way of cooperation between public and private sectors, especially through innovation partnerships, and eliminate obstacles (such as costly patents, market fragmentation, slow introduction of standards and insufficient qualifications) which currently prevents rapidly market penetration.
, this corresponds to the objective of the Digital Agenda for Europe, which is fully used by ICT potential and to promote prosperity and improve the quality of life (see IP/10/581, MEMO/10/199 and MEMO/10/200).
is my mother! It's my mother!
could it be both of them?
Mom, are you okay? Are you a good Mom? Are you okay?
, Pegasi, I'm very sorry. - Me don't apologize. - Don't apologize to me.
I don't know how excuses I'd apologize to you, Mrs....Pegasus.
in cold. Two: two:
hold a bike, pull the hill." OK.
, Dad, you'll succeed.
well Yeah. Well yeah. Yeah.
well. Well.
By decision of 26 October 2004, the Minister rejected that complaint by the decision of 26 October 2004 the Minister for that complaint.
you can't survive without that thing more than a few hours.
that is the father's right. That's the father's father's right.
What will he be with you, Teal'cu?
sorry, my son, for what I have to do to you for you.
I do, but I do, to save you life.
was the more people to keep alive so alive to keep alive?
Yeah, Dennis, what is it for this. When are you going to need them?
do you want to go through the beach now, Vinci?
I would like to do that. I would like it.
, that's my man. That's my man.
, Margery and I thought we could throw it a little bit.
I thought you would remind your son's friend. I thought you were a friend of your son.
Yeah, I always wanted to fuck. That's you're fucking ass.
Asia, initiatives aimed at regional cooperation in the field of nutrition should be strengthened in the area of nutrition cooperation.
EU action programme from the Akhas and the EU Code of EU rules on the EU's development policy, the EU's Harmonisation of the EU's development policy intervention intervention The EU's development policy needs to be based on the principles of the Paris Statement on the effectiveness of assistance, the Action Programme, the Action Programme from the Acts and the Code of EU rules on the EU's development policy.
and Member States should, according to their comparative advantages, identify regions and countries, in relation to which they should divide work and coordinate their activities under the management of a specific main donor.
and Member States have several political frameworks and financial instruments that partner countries can tackle with food security problems with food security problems.
more effectiveness of their measures should help to promote greater harmonisation of policies, more closely-binding and coordination with private investors.
policy sustainability[26] in the area of food security will be developed through the whole range of political tools including agriculture, trade, fishing, combating climate change, environmental protection and research.
, this cohesion has been strengthened by reforming the common agricultural policy and future reforms will be taken into account global food security targets.
future reform of the common fisheries policy will further increase the coherence of European fisheries policy and fisheries policy and methods on the one hand and developing objectives on the other hand.
would not least be achieved by the achievement of balanced, comprehensive and ambitious results from the Development Programme to strengthen the international trading system, which should impact on food security.
The improvement of the international governance system of the EU and Member States should better align the way food security is managed internally and to promote the rapid reform of the Food Safety Committee (CFS) Committee on Food Safety in the world (CFS), which is a central authority in that area.
The Committee should seek to monitor the power of supervision in other specific areas affected by food security, e.g. food aid and nutrition.
further vulnerability priorities of the three UN agencies established in Rome (FAO, WFP, IFAD) and should be improved in the interests of synergies, as well as their mutual cooperation should be improved.
reform of the UN system and ongoing review of the role and priorities of the FAO are opportunities to increase quality and efficiency.
 ⁇ s co-filled hippie ⁇ k!
enough!!!!!!!!!!
remembering how we jumped from the railway bridge to the lake?
, this was a bigger egg.
you always have me there without warning you have stretched me there without warning.
well Yeah. Well yeah. Yeah.
do it!!!!Oh, do!
Hold on, Dane, you can stay with.
, and it is. And it is.
I killed your grandmother? Did I kill your grandmother?
Where are all those lejna?
grab him, Elwoode, Ellwood, and Elf-in.
/EC of the European Union ( 1 ) THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION OFFICTY OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIESTIESTED PARTIESS, Having regard to the application of the European Union, Having regard to the Agreement, and the Commission, Having regard to the Agreement, Having regard to the European Union, and the Commission, Having regard to the European Union, Having regard to the European Union, and the Commission, Having regard to the European Union, and the European Union, and the European Union, and the Commission, and the European Union, and the European Union, and the European Union, and the Commission, and the Commission, and the European Union, and the European Union, and the Commission, and the European Union, and the Commission, and the Commission, and the Commission, and the European Union, and the European Parliament, and the Commission, and the European Parliament, and the European Parliament, and the European Union, and the Commission, and the European Union, and the European Parliament, and the European Parliament, and the Commission, and the European Parliament, and the European Parliament, and the European Parliament, and the European Parliament, and the European Parliament, and the Commission, and the European Union
TISKING FROM THE PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSAL PROPOSALS
Brussels 16 December 2013 Brussels 16 December 2013 Brussels 16, 2013 Brussels 16 December 2013 and Brussels 16th December 2013
, the European Commission today approved the initiative "Shift2Rail" – the new public-private partnership in which almost EUR 1 billion is invested in research and innovation to get more passengers and goods to European railways.
is one of the most effective and environmental environment, but now, around 10% of the cargo and 6% of passengers in the EU.
– Rome and back; (Cuneo) Cuneo – Rome and back;
data are not available because part of catches were tasted after quarantine elsewhere, but it is the fact that young notion in the Dvo ⁇  Královy well acclimatized.
I saw you in the gym. I saw you in the gym.
I voted in so much as police are unnecessary.
outside is all complicated.
my brother was shot at the daylight.
, Police had a time for the police.
she caught some people and identified them.
I told them to face them: I told them to face:
they are they.” The arrested them for murder.
, but after three months, they were released after three months.
I was looking for and found me. And they were looking for me and found me.
who gave them my address? Who gave them my address?
three ribs, the key bone, and all fingers on this hand.
, my network was infringed.
Fialka, Mushkát, Orchidate...
, we need more people to the morning group.
Ryan Knights bowed.
, "And this is Tanis P ⁇ lealf, our leader," said Sturm.
when I fell deeply in love with my long-term girlfriend Penny...
that's her. It's it's her. It's her. It's her. It's her. It's her.
, so a little silent necrdka.
I was built before the whole homeless thing... which is terrible.
I realized that tonight I was not the only hero in the room tonight.
what we're going to get on? What do we smoke?
we burn the graves, let's chase prints... and the court doesn't care?
who murdered, winning, winning.
this is not competition. That's not a competition.
, there is no winner.
the courts are like bones.
one week, what happens, one week, he doesn't need to go next.
I know it. I know. I know. I know.
I know that I know. That's me. I know that.
, but, when you have anger, then they won it.
he thought... he thought...
so, Gunnere. Well, Gunnere.
(CPC 7472) Wizards (CPC 7472)
Member States shall not permit fishing effort to fish fishing opportunities for fishing gears which belong to one of the groups of fishing gears defined in point 3, in the area of any vessel which has not been identified in 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005 or 2006 has not demonstrated any fishing activity in this area, with the exclusion of fishing activities resulting from the transfer of days between fishing vessels unless they ensure that equivalent capacity measured in kilowates must not be hunted in the region.
the vessel shall be recorded on the use of equipment belonging to one of the gears defined in point 3, but may be authorised to use other fishing equipment provided that the number of days allocated to that other equipment is at least equal to the number of days allocated to the first installation.
the vessel flying the flag of a Member State which does not have quotas defined in paragraph 1, shall not be fishing in this area with the use of equipment belonging to one of the groups of fishing gears defined in paragraph 3, unless the quota allocated under the transfer pursuant to Article 20(5) of Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002 and if not allocated to it days at sea pursuant to point 13 of this Annex.
, for vehicles with the adjustment-related equipment, the effect of this device should be taken into account.
‘Maximum technically permissible weight of axle (m)’ means the weight corresponding to the maximum permissible static vertical load operating on the surface of the vehicle, the vehicle and axle manufacturer and the vehicle manufacturer.
‘Maximum technical permissible mass on the axle group ( ⁇ )’ means the weight corresponding to the maximum permissible static vertical load operating group on the surface of the vehicle, the vehicle and the vehicle manufacturer’s vehicle design and the vehicle manufacturer.
: the total load operating on the surface of the axle/current vehicles/taxed vehicles/taxable vehicles/taxable vehicles.
‘Maximum technically permissible trailer (TM)’ means the maximum concentration of that producer.
‘Maximum technically permissible mass of the vehicle’ means the weight corresponding to the maximum permissible static vertical load in the concentration, the vehicle and/or the associated device and the manufacturer.
‘Maximum technically permissible mass of the loaded carriage (MC)’ means the total weight of the vehicle and trailer/rights of the manufacturer.
is not necessary to raise the question itself of the parties themselves; the national court may also bring it without a proposal.
Application for a preliminary ruling concerning the interpretation Each court concerned has jurisdiction to ask the Court of Justice of the question relating to the interpretation of Community law, where it considers it necessary to resolve the dispute before it.
, contrary to the court whose decision cannot be challenged by means of appeal under national law, it is essentially obliged to submit to the Court such a question, unless there is a case-law (and any new framework has no longer been in the area in question (and any new framework has not identified actual doubts as to the possibility of applying this case-law) or is the correct way of interpreting the Community rules entirely obvious.
The Court of First Instance whose decision may be contested by remedies, in particular if the case-law of the Court has sufficiently clarified on the basis of the case-law of the Court, may decide on the right to interpret Community law and its application to it by the factual findings.
for a preliminary ruling, however, the request for a preliminary ruling may be made available in a suitable stage of proceedings as in particular useful if it is a new issue of interpretation which has a general meaning for the uniform application of Community law or where the existing case-law is not applicable to a whole new factual framework.
, the national court is required to explain what the interpretation required for the interpretation necessary to order its judgment.
Application for a preliminary ruling concerning the assessment of the validity of the national courts are entitled to refuse pleas in law relating to invalidity which are applied before them, the possibility of declaring the Community act for annulment falls within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Justice.
Each national court must therefore refer the Court a reference for a preliminary ruling, where the question is of doubt on the validity of the Community measure, with the imposition of reasons for which it considers that the Community act could be affected by the annulment.
, however, where the national court has serious doubts as to the validity of the Community act on which it is based, it may exceptionally suspend a temporary implementation of that act or, in that regard, any other precautionary measures may be adopted in that regard.
is then obliged to ask the question relating to the validity of the Court and to state reasons why it considers that the Community act is not valid.
, at the time of the application for a preliminary ruling The national court asks the Court for a preliminary ruling, as soon as it finds that the decision on the question or questions of interpretation or validity is necessary to enable it to be delivered; it is the national court which may best assess the situation in which the procedure is such a request.
nevertheless, it is desirable that the decision on the submission of a preliminary ruling is adopted in the stage of the proceedings where the judge is able to define the facts and legal framework of the problem so that the Court should have available all the evidence necessary, where appropriate, to verify that the Community law on the dispute in the main proceedings is applicable.
can also be shown in order to ensure the proper administration of justice, in order to clarify the question referred after the contractor's preliminary ruling.
The application for a preliminary ruling The decision to be taken to the national court asks a preliminary ruling to the Court may be adopted in any form which the national law admits for the case of procedural issues.
however, it should be held that this document which is a basis for the proceedings which will be carried out before the Court and that the Court must have knowledge available to it to it by allowing it to provide a useful answer to the national court.
Bloody Holly, which is sold by the group.
, a wow, penetrating the blocked bruise backward.
I see you study theory, Frede.
I like it. I like it. I like it.
, finally, he turned to the cabinet of the racker of the Cabá ⁇ ák.
, the cabin watched him as a cutter.
the crushed door opened the radiant opening.
all necks reached each of the neck.
, Rawlings, please. Rawlings, please.
"If I will not return to the funeral of the very important thing for me.
, simply, as it goes. It is simply going to be.
I am not trusted, and I do not care about the great ceremony.
The thing around Portera ..I hope that the party to this ceremony participates in this ceremony.
luck to you all of you lucky.
not now. Now we're guessing... ...but then we'll have a baby.
love. Do you think of me? Do you think of me?
, here and there. and there.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Did you see the newspapers? Did you see the newspapers?
I remember the time your second name was Nezi ⁇ r ⁇ n.  ⁇ !, Jimmy.
your wife... is my wife... is my wife in the vault... is my wife in a safe?
would it be beyond the bowl if I asked you at this important moment... ...who are you and what are you doing in my house?
my son.  ⁇ !, no, no, no. no. no.
, no, I know what you think about. I know what you think about.
, you know what this is going on? no, no, no, no, no, no.
it's about five minutes' walk.
maybe 1 0 might have 1 0.
, the V ⁇ íninku.
Lip than you were waiting for.
I was afraid of you from the beginning of the beginning of the fear.
I therefore came to this overlap. I came to this. I was therefore going to overflow.
are lunch!
, almost as a picnic, aren't you?
doesn't mind, where do I put it on?
, Max. I should be talking to you some things to get out with you. I should be talking about you.
, like those holes in the bedding.
, the hole that had been made from inside.
Oh, Mullene! Oh, Mullene!
Yes, sir? Yes, sir?
could you, from old knowledge, put my car petrol into my cars?
is almost empty. It is almost empty. It is almost empty.
, sure, sir. Sure, Mr...
? Do you shut the door shut down the door.
Commission may invite customs authorities to take appropriate measures to introduce such a customs record of import so that it may, in order to subsequently, be introduced to the imported producers from the date of the Customs Referral Code.’
something big, but you didn't hear it from us. But you didn't hear it from us.
, I thank you for coming.
, I don't know how much he goes on.
I like to know you. I like to know you. I love you.
was to take the saving 4 thousand square miles of intact amazonian forests.
, but that is not the unnecessary number, given the positive impact on the planet, which would be more than one of the more than one would be.
it's fine, and I'm very glad to be very good. I'm very glad. I'm too glad.
my foundation is now rebuilding the coral cliffs now restoring the coral cliffs.
or does the sharks preserved?
it's a bitch, both are great. It's a bitch, both are great.
I need to speak with the Ministerial. But I need to speak with the Ministerial.
How do you want to win Nobelov when you work with Chip Harding?
Chip wants to enjoy that, too, that?
Russsele?
night the murder was off the house.
, born in the natural way.
here we also have drug accusations. In the house we found 10 kilogs. We found 10 kilogs.
your client avoided arrest warrant. Your client avoided arrest warrant.
that is a question. That is the question.
Drugs were not visible, no grounds for entering the house were to be seen.
We have Bodena I Essex in the binding.
I'm sorry, but it's not possible. But it's not possible.
I think the identification is the loss of time. I think the identification is the loss of time.
nothing remembers. Identification could benefit her memory.
You asked her to come downstairs?
that is unacceptable.
No, gold, gold.
and what base in Manamami? What is the basis of the Mama?
I don't know what you did, but it took it.
strongly! Silent!!
open the door! open the door!
Courtney?Courtney?
Courtney?Courtney?
Courtney?Courtney?
what is the problem? What is the problem?
, no one here. Let's return home. We'll return home.
I don't understand. Maybe the party is going somewhere else else.
we attack the refrigerator.
, in particular, the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and in particular Article 224 of that Treaty, of this Treaty, on the Functioning of the European Union, and in particular Article 224 thereof.
Regulation (EC) No 2004/2003 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 November 2003 concerning statute and financing of political parties at European level ( OJ L 297, 15.11.2003, p. 1 ).
Decision of the European Parliament of 29 March 2004 laying down detailed rules for the application of Regulation (EC) No 2004/2003 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Statute and financing of political parties at European level ( OJ C 252, 3.10.2008, p. 1 ).
This appropriation is intended to finance policy found at European level.
2 — TITLE 4 2 — EXPENDITURE AISTENCI 4 2 2 2 Parliamentary assistance 4 2 2 0 Parliamentary assistance Appropriations 2013 Appropriations 2012 Outturn 2011 Reserves (10 0)
Total Remarks Statute of Members of the European Parliament, and in particular Article 21 of this Statute, in particular Article 21 of this Statute.
, implementing measures to the Statute of Members of the European Parliament, and in particular Articles 33 to 44 of these implementing measures.
, in particular Articles 5a and 125 to 139 of this Conditions of Employment, and in particular Articles 5a and 125 to 139 of this Conditions of Working Rules of Procedure.
Implementing measures for Title VII of the Conditions of Employment of Other Servants of the European Communities adopted by the Bureau.
This appropriation is intended to cover the costs of parliamentary assistance expenditure.
the amount of assigned revenue under Article 21(3) of the Financial Regulation is estimated at EUR 400 000.
Conditions for the release of the reserve Appropriations 2013 which are until the decision is adopted by 1.7% of the adjustment of salaries in 2011 will be immediately released if the Court decides to benefit the Commission.
2 2 2 2 Cross losses Appropriations 2013 Appropriations 2012 Outturn 2011 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover the exchange of rates which are paid from the European Parliament budget in accordance with the provisions relating to the remuneration of expenditure on parliamentary assistance.
CHAPTER 4 4 4 — SCHICES AND OTHER PARTIES AND B ⁇ VAL ⁇ CH POSLANC ⁇  4 0 Costs for meetings of former Members and other activities Appropriations 2013 Appropriations 2012 Outturn 2011 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover the costs of ensuring the meetings of the former Members of the European Parliament, including any other possible costs associated with this.
4 4 4 2 Priority meetings of the European Parliamentary Association and other activities Appropriations 2013 Appropriations 2012 Outturn 2011 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover the costs of the European Parliamentary Association meetings, including any other possible costs connected with them.
, do you think you're going to change your name?
... not...?
Nothing in the part of that part, but if you don't want to do so. Nothing in the case of that part if you don't want.
I thought you might like me to give you my own.
or if you want to change the first part of the first part.
I would name you Kingsley if I had to talk to what to do. I would call you Kingsley if I had to talk to you.
Kingsley... I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
maybe we'll rather stick Ned to the Ned. Maybe we'll rather stick to Ned.
, sure, it's okay. It's okay.
I'll order you at least a few things for correspondence.
What do you do, I ordered wine wine.
, I ask you, he knows winely nothing about wine.
people say that they talk about man like this when people are seeing him. But they're also hurtful.
Rapper?
he is a music producer now.
, there is a living in San Diego.
, even if we would be meeting us.
, not, not, not.
you're kidding about? Do you make fun?
this guy is a huge businessman.
, he invests in San Diego for a whole time.
, no, we will get money alone.
, I thank you for you. Thank you.
you really want to help us out, really do you really want us to do us favor?
you hear someone looking for some golf action, send them our way.
well. Well.
so well. Well, so well.
keep the mouth shut.
, however, it was for the mask of motion: she heard the tic mechanism like a conscience.
beds Accessories beds Mattresses of the beds Mattress Pol ⁇ tá ⁇ í ⁇ ík and blankets Rehabilitation aids Satellite Tickets and sunbeds Multiockey trucks Multiockey trucks Multi-coloured cartoon cartoon ASIST 7xxxx Freezer bracket of 9xxx Multiockey trucks ASIST 7xxxx Equipment for liners Cardiac chairs Cardiac chairs Chairs Chairs Scottages Scottages Career Career Career Career Career
Multi-circuit truck - ASSIST 7202
ASSIST 7202 ASIST 7202 ASIST 7202
metal lacted structure of wheel diameter 80 mm, braking-backed stacks, plastic insertion of two drawers of height 10 cm 4 large, 5 medium and 6 small plastic plastic drawer is firmly connected with a cart option of choice of colour shade on the wishes to fill the glass table part of plastic waste basket
x H x V: 70 x 50 x 165 cm cm x 165 cm cm
: 35 kg Noness: 50 kg: 50 kg kg of Novacy: 50 kg kg of the game: 50 kg Availability: 50 kg Availability: 50 kg Availability: 50 kg Availability: 50 kg Availability: 50 kg Availability: 50 kg PLOK: 50 kg
BatteryInstalled determines whether battery battery is installed for this device.
: TRUE or FALSE values.
, the TRUE value means that battery battery is installed.
LowBatterySignal property determines whether the power source signals low battery state.
: TRUE or FALSE values.
, the TRUE value means that the power supply of low battery capacity is signing.
PowerFailSignal property determines whether PowerFailSignal's power supply is signing out of power supply.
: TRUE or FALSE values.
, the TRUE value means that the power supply of the counterfeit is signaling.
MessageInterval property determines the period between sending individual reports informing users about the attack of power supply.
Win32_PrintJob class represents a press role created in Win32_PrintJob system.The printing role created by application in Win32.
the derived object or member of this class are all the units created by the Print command in the application of the running in the Win32 system.
directly to your asses directly into your earnings.
now drag my brake!!!!!!
Daphne, tailor with Officer Office, do you want to know?
Oh, sorry...
about what is going on with Officer?
here you have here. Here you have. Here you have. Here you have.
is it a beef and onion of the onion?
was not caffe.
I found a few surcharges from the better party, but I found a few surcharges.
I'm sorry you had to see this today. I'm sorry you had to see it today.
he had to be a shock for you.
what, what, do this, do you think? What, do you think?
, no, that was nothing. It was nothing.
on my past school was a rhinitis on the day's daytime order.
, I'm afraid, here at Greybridge can be twice a day even twice.
: Foreign fires and dryness Answer from the Commission (4 October 2007)
, the Civil Code 18.
that right relates to the surname, one or several names and pseudonym’.
Rancho Grande? Yeah!
you grieved her? Did you wander her?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
we also ran the spikes around.
, do you think we're magicians?
one of the Grandi family will not be a glory, do you understand?
I just got smoked smoke into her dress, it's all. As you said. As you said.
we prepared a good luck to frighten her. We prepared a good luck to frighten her.
I just hope it was enough. I hope it was enough.
when he wakes up, he thinks he might actually happen to be something.
so well. This is the end of you. This is what ends for you. It is going to end.
what is our money? What do our money?What do our money?
we didn't do it for fun, Strejdo Joe.
Okay. Okay.
, without concern, without concern.
I was one in the department with a limited approach and I read somewhat rare magic.
is said that if I understood, the Viteal was a vision of the satellite.
what, please? What, do you ask?
Viteal. Viteal.
I did not understand it exactly. I did not understand it.
I don't know what you've read, but it's a lot of black magic, really black.
Viteal is a subject to which someone hid part of his own soul.
I do not understand how it works in practice.
you will lose your soul and part of it you hide.
, you are protected if someone attacked you and destroyed your body.
shed?
, the hidden part of the soul is still living on the other hand.
other words, you cannot die.
how can the soul be distracted, sir?
they kill the murder.
replies to readers on this questionnaire replies to this questionnaire replies of readers to this questionnaire replies of readers to this questionnairers' questions about this questionnairers' questions.
MUDr. Ella Trubububa Trububa Trububa Trubububa Trububububa Trubububububa Trububububububa Trubububububa Trubububububa Trubububububrugání ⁇ 
, NYC, aircraft sedesata.
I would report you to staff, but I unfortunately, it is me. I would report you to staff, but I unfortunately, in this case, it is me.
Raji...
if Eliza was Eliza, just say that it's Eliza.
you are very convincing, but I cannot violate the principles of the personnel department.
she is a passenger unit's mission?
I promise that I will provide the workplace with equal opportunities, without any discrimination, harassment and prosecution of secret personal information.
If such a law is breached, I shall be smoked by my lips and the change in dust.
, that sounds like it could be a circumvented, it would seem to be possible to circumvent.
forget to it.
, what do you ask me?
Eliza was not Eliza.
, the bruised.
Elizo Elizo? Elizo?
are you pajamas in yourself? Do you have a pyjamas?
You drink a brokwer? Do you drink a brokwer?
, Are you sleeping with her? Did you sleep with her?
Ah, you have the thing with prostitution.
, of course, not, of course, that not.
I'm going to go with you. I'm going to be a good deal with you.
, it was a massage with a so-called end.
now it is more sad end of it.
I have tried 15 different massers over the past 5 years in the past 5 years. I have tried 15 different massers.
my leg makes my leg well.
you really think it's gonna be free to get me from the prostitutes you've committed?
you don't mind the massage part, you're getting sex with sex, but it's no longer the hope.
I know the perfect physical therapeutic therapy.
I give you her number. I'll give you her number.
why should I give up someone who is most suitable for me - for someone who might be able to be appropriate?
, because I asked you to ask you.
, but that is not any argument, or yes?
Article 1 The methods of sampling and diagnostic methods used for detection and confirmation of bonamis occurrence (Bonamia ostreae) and Marteilis (Marteilia refringens) shall be determined in the case of abnormal death and for the recognition of approved areas and approved holdings of the authorised holdings are set out in the Annex.
Article 2 Decision 94/306/EC repeals Decision 94/306/EC shall be repealed.
references to the annulled decision shall be deemed to be references to that decision.
Article 3 This Decision shall apply from 6 January 2003.
Article 4 This Decision is addressed to Member States, in accordance with the Member States, to determine the Member States.
in Brussels on 6 November 2002.
for the Commission David Byrne Member of the Commission [1] OJ L 46, 19.2.1991, p. 1.
, after the first World War, Austria and Germany became the Republics, the nobility and all privileges and titles associated with it.
, for Austrian nationals, since the constitutional law has become illegal use of all noble titles; the prohibition includes the use of such admons as ‘von’ or ‘zu’ as part of the surname.
in Germany has been chosen by another approach: existing titles, although they cannot be used as such, they become a surname, they are going to all children and are subject only to changes in the child sexual gender, if such element has male and female shape – for example F ⁇ rst (now) and F ⁇ rstin (the priest).
. I'm trying to make a new number tomorrow.
if you can crusle, be here at noon.
and Keeney?
, it won't be here before the evening.
, that's already the number on the programme.This will be the number on the programme.
he will kill you. But he will kill you.
, not when you're going to be good.
you are sure you can cruslit? Are you sure you can crusculate?
can I cruslege?
, you said you could have been able to find you.
, sir. I really... I really...
, hey, you!
, ladies, ladies, back.
, return there, Fan.
, gold, gold.
(c) technical documentation referred to in Annex III, technical documentation as referred to in Annex III.
technical documentation shall lay down the applicable requirements and, as appropriate, the assessment procedure adjusts the proposal, production and operation of the OOP; (d) sample (samples)
, the OOP representative for the planned production.
the notified body may request further samples if necessary for the test programme execution are needed.
, in individual OOP’s customised, samplings representative for the range of different users;
(e) for individual adjustments of the OOPS describe measures to be taken by the manufacturer during the installation and production process to ensure that each OOP is consistent with an approved type and with applicable basic health protection requirements and safety requirements.
Michael? Michael?Make Michael?
Harriet? Harriet?
Michaeli and Harriet, it is not time for a punch.
No! No!
God, Hollisi!
that's not... not...
so, it's tough.
is dead, let's go! Come! Go!
's going!
Patty, let it do it! Let's not!
! - No. - No.
Howard, you holy, you holy, you holy, you bastard!
Patty, piercing you, help me, helpfulness!
No! No!
Let him be, let him be!
: Synthesis for 2004 4 1.3.
The reference framework established by the synthesis for 2004 52.
questions arising from the annual activity reports 5 2.1.1.
Overview 5 2.2. Total Overview 5 2.2.
Enhanced reporting of the annual activity reports 7.3.
, Synthetic report and assurance statement 8 3.
cross-cutting issues resulting from the annual activity reports and recommendations 9 3.1.
the management issues 9 3.1.1.
transition from compliance with standards to focus on the efficiency of internal control 9 3.1.2.
I just made fun. I was just doing fun.
Jane! Jane! Jane!
Mrs. home!
Mrs. home!
what happened with water?What happened to water?
Water is not free! Water is not free!
enough to talk to someone who doesn't pay tenant.
you think it's a problem? Do you think it's a problem?
so from now, no water in Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
had been given water on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Magors! Magors!!
good morning Mrs home!
check the rent or let me burn your shop off.
what is funny here? What is there a funny? What is there a funny?
payment of rent is no fun!
Viktor paused himself. Viktor paused.
was a quiet, tired hobbled, accompanied by a dubot of the hill.
and the party heard it and had gone back and went around the batteries.
The chimney released by the side of the side.
someone was approaching the same way Fontine came to.
, the Viktor moved to the right, and he drew himself on the edge of the trail.
quiet silence.To silence.
, and then the figure appeared, the unclear rice on the background of the dark forest barely meter before Victor.
If you enable this policy setting, the remote assistance will be able to offer the user logged in.
can be selected from two options to provide remote assistance: Enable helpers to display only computer or allow helpers remotely to drive computer.
, in addition to this selection, you can also identify the list of users or groups of users who will be able to offer remote assistance to offer remote support.
also labelling as assistants are also identified as assistants.
If you want to configure the list of helpers, click View button.
, this will open a new window where you can enter the names of the assistants' names.
thou shrinked you? Did you rumble?
I went to talk to Lisa. I went to excitement with Lisa.
, but, by the way, the stupid idea was a stupid idea.
Deane, answer to my question, answer to my question.
you can calm down, I didn't have anybody drunken anyone.
thanks to God thanks to God. Thanks to God.
A Veterinary certificate for semen sent from approved semen collection centres from which semen originating in Annex IV are replaced by the following:
‘PART 2 Vesor veterinary certificates for imports of eggs and embryos and capsules EN Official Journal of the European Union L 252/s3 ON THE CENTRANCE OF THE EUROPEAN PARTICES OF THE ACTS OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES From 1 July 2013 the method of reference to acts has changed.
, during the transitional period, new and the current method will be used during the transitional period.
, in the achievement of the objectives of the Common Fisheries Policy (SRP) objectives, Member States which infringe its rules.
Article 41 of Regulation (EU) No 1380/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council ( 2 ) is a financial assistance from the European Maritime and Fisheries Fund (ENRF) conditional upon compliance with the rules of the SRP by Member States.
failure to comply with the rules of the SRP Member States may have the effect of the break or suspension of payments or implementation of the Union financial corrections granted under the SRP.
Article 83(1) of Regulation (EU) No 1303/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council ( 3 ) provides for the conditions under which the suspension of payment period may be imposed and, in Article 142(1) of the same Regulation, the suspension of payments.
, in the context of the failure to comply with the rules under the SRP, special rules for the ENRF may lay down specific grounds for the breakdown and suspension of payments.
in order to protect Union financial interests and its taxpayers in the event that a Member State has failed to fulfil its obligations under the SRP or where the Commission has evidence indicating such failure to comply with such an infringement, the Commission has the possibility in the context of preventive measures to suspend payment periods under Article 100 of Regulation (EU) No 508/2014.
, in addition to the breakdown of the payment period and to avoid the risk of payment of unjustified expenditure, the Commission may, in the event of serious failure to comply with the SRP rules in accordance with Article 101 of Regulation (EU) No 508/2014, suspend payments.
Financial consequences imposed by Member States where they do not comply with the rules of the SRP, appropriate nature, seriousness, duration and repeat of the failure to comply with the rules.
, in order to ensure legal certainty for Member States implementing the operational programmes within the ENRF, cases of failure to comply with the SRP rules essential for the conservation of marine biological resources which may, in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 508/2014, lead to the suspension of payment periods or suspension of payments.
Without prejudice to all other sanctions imposed by the SRP rules, these cases will be used for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 508/2014 and the implementation of Article 41 of Regulation (EU) No 1380/2013.
-related costs should be considered as serious if a Member State has not taken the necessary measures to remedy situations which led to the disruption of the payment deadline.
prior to the suspension of payments, the Commission must adopt implementing acts pursuant to Article 100(2) and Article 101(2) of Regulation (EU) No 508/2014, which further specify the failure to fulfil obligations under the SRP Member State which may affect expenditure required by the interim payment.
: ( 1 ) Since it is important to ensure uniform and equal treatment with operators in all Member States from the start of the programming period, this Regulation should enter into force on the first day following the publication in the Official Journal of the European Union , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:
Article 1 The incompatibility of the rules In the Annex to this Regulation, cases of failure to comply with the obligations of a Member State within the framework of the SRP which may lead to the suspension of payment periods relating to the interim payment under Article 100 of Regulation (EU) No 508/2014.
you don't need to do so. No, you don't need.
Adame Adame?
God, I apologize for God, sorry.
it's good. It's a good thing.
in this we are together in this we are together.
I would say that it is time for the vaccine to get a vaccine for vaccine.
Minister of the Interior in the morning talked about the need to maintain peace after he was notified at least one dead and several other patients in critical condition, followed by the instructions of the golden staphyloc.
hundred people were given to quarantine, but there is concern that bacteria enlarged between population populations.
the healthcare device was forced to issue a list of symptoms that the public should be careful.
is symptoms of similar influenza, difficulty breathing, joint pain, increased temperature, dizziness...
you must go with me. You must go with me.
I'm okay. I'm okay.
I'll be okay, I'll really be okay.
you must go to the insulation.
nothing is not anything to me. I'm not very much.
is there something to you? Are you not something about something?
, let your eyes closed. - Not justify. - Not justify. - Don't justify.
I don't look at the mansion.
, the approach to the rebate.
still don't open it. - Do you believe me? - Do you believe me?
I believe I believe. I believe. I believe.
, and now it opens them.
: Freedom of the speech Answer from the Commission (22 July 2011)
, the Commission shall define the quality content of the quality report and quality criteria for the development and dissemination of data in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 7(3), as well as the criteria for the production and dissemination of data in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 7(3).
Article 5 Transfer of data 1.
Member State shall provide the Commission (Eurostat) verified data and meta ⁇ s data referred to in this Regulation, in particular at the beginning of each decade.
so who likes the 2nd World, he will like Hogan's Heroes.
, not, I have, like, I have what I wanted.
Mele, what... what... what?
I thought you were a benchmark.
I am also Jewish. I am also Jewish.
that's the same. It's the very same.
thanks to the thanks.
thanks to the thanks.
is not very beginning. It is not very beginning. It is not very beginning.
! Bob! Hey, what I found.What I found.
Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello.
, he's a TV criticism, he's not gonna hurt anybody.
, let it do it.
see it here? Do you see it here?
, in relation to Franklin, but, however, it was not so certain that it was not so clear in relation to Franklin.
, the hiking, and watched the great fish and the swine-bonds, and the sculptures and the sculptures.
3 Amendment A16:2007 to EN 60730-1:2000 Note 3 Cenelec EN 60730-2-5:1995 Automatic electrical control equipment for household and similar purposes — Part 2: Particular requirements for electrical burners (IEC 60730-2-5:1993 (Modified))
Hello, you were invited to Tim, Lou, Simone, Charlim, Dawn and Petrovi.
even one of us is not present. But neither of us nor is there a present.
, let us report, we like to listen to her when we return.
Mom?Memorand Mom?
Mom, get up.Memi, get up.
, it is 11 holidays. It is 11 holidays.
Jack called the uncle Jack. Jack called the uncle Jack.
asked if we got money.
, he wants you to call him back.
you don't need to go to school?
, it is Saturday.
and so you promised that we would go today. And you promised that we would go today.
Where? Where? Where?
you promised you promised you.
just this time just this time. Just this time.
he needed it now and she couldn't be with him. She could not be with him.
, Glen, the commander of Glen gave them a very clearly clear indication that their division is one of the conditions for leaving them in the service.
still had time to discuss who Jehovah should choose for his new partner, and Captain Burns looked like the right choice.
, the fishfish wondered what her partner would probably be.
, it will probably be some ex-folk ruler rather muscles than the brain and with minimum ethical principles.
, in the Watch, you found a lot of such a great deal in the Watch.
, as she went, she looked around and tried to capture the essence of her new impressions.
, in Doln Temporary Tory, but it was not yet working, but it seemed to be rapidly developed by the middle class of the family of traders, so many established that they were Aristocrats of all except for the blood and the genus.
were not very rich, they had iron in each political fire, and as class, ethical bunches of the chamber with shark.
, as they had already reached the peak in their field, their efforts had been the only direction that remained before them, and their eyes turned to Aristocracy.
even in Haven, the poorest noble could look at the rich traders of the Sapara.
, in the last time, the richest purchaser family has been awarded to the poorer Aristocracy benefits and fully promising the family debt to pay a family debt exchange for the addition or accedation.
Article 2 The text of Regulation (EU) No 214/2014 in the Icelandic and Norwegian languages to be published in the EEA Supplement to the Official Journal of the European Union are valid.
Article 3 This Decision shall enter into force on 26 September 2014 provided that all the notification pursuant to Article 103(1) of the EEA Agreement ( 2 ) are made available to the EEA Agreement ( 2 ) .
Article 4 This Decision shall be published in the EEA Section and in the EEA Supplement to the Official Journal of the European Union .
in Brussels on 25 September 2014.
if the decade limitation period should start running until the transfer of the APPA vaccine in the Ministry of Health, the precise time of sale of the vaccine APMSD of the health ministry should be determined to determine the date of the start of the limitation period.
irrespective of whether the period for APSA would be interrupted in time by bringing proceedings against APMSD ( 36 ) by the case of 16 October 2002 against APPSA in any event before the expiry of the 10-year period if the vaccine of the health ministry was initiated into circulation at the first time.
even if the precise moment of the sale of the vaccine of the Ministry of Health, it would be possible only to define the period between 22 September 1992 – the date of acceptance of the APMSD – and on 3 November 1992 – the vaccination of the defendant – the initiation of proceedings against APPSA on 16 October 2002 would be interrupted in any event by the limitation period.
if APPA had also been silent, it would also have to show the moment of the vaccine in circulation. ( 38 ) .
if APPSA as a manufacturer, that moment could only be defined as a certain period starting over a decade before the application was lodged, but it ends less than ten years before it, APPSA would not only be a proof burden but also the risk of identifying the precise moment of the start of the limitation period.
even if the precise moment of entry into circulation was not determined, judicial proceedings would be opened on 16 October 2002 in any event and therefore the effects of the breakdown of the limitation period should therefore be interrupted in any event.
just why I'm just going to ask.
, not, it is true tears. I'm a note. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not, uh, it's really tears.
I was crying more than a born child. I was crying more than a born child.
Hey, guys, guys.
was a crazy...
, Jamaal. ...ura, dried... ...passed...
many times a lot of times.
, you can laugh at it.
I played more games and competitions... against Clyd, as I can remember at all.
Oh, there are 3 459 and I still count on them.
, Clyde.
I thought I was poor fellow. I thought I was poor man.
I went away... ...and changed to think I was a winner. I thought I was win.
you were hard at your brother's brother. You were hard at your brother.
 ⁇ ats, car, woman of reality...
, prevent the impact or fall of the apparatus.
the load of the ingredients (Hotovo: %d%)...
%s wrote in the %s report:%s...
, at this point, no rules have been enabled.No rules apply at this point.
If you have to be able to use the functional option, you must create a rule for messages or blocked senter or to turn on a filter support to the unsolicited mail.
, at this point, no rules have been enabled.No rules apply at this point.
If you have to be able to use the functional option, you must create a rule for discussion contributions or blocked consignor consignor.
, when attempting to change the storage file was refused to access the file.
check whether you have a copyright and check the file checking with ScanDisk files.
, the Sender %s was added to the list of blocked consignor consignor.
, more reports from this consignor will be blocked.
now want to remove all messages from this consignor from the current component?
, the collection consignor's consignees were added to the list of blocked consignor consignor.
, more reports from those dispatches will be blocked.
now you want to remove all messages from these consigners from the current components?
Removing messages from the selected consignor...
Member States concerned shall require the submission of confirmatory information regarding: stability in storage and nature of residues in processed products, the exposure of surface and groundwater, as regards phalateic acid, risk assessment for water organisms as regards phtalalidhehydic acid, and 1.2 (b) benzenedimethanol.
Member States concerned shall ensure that the applicant submits that information to the Commission by 31 May 2013.
1 June 2011 31 May 2021 PART AND Authorised can only be used as acaricide.
B For the application of uniform principles under Article 29(6) of Regulation (EC) No 1107/2009, the conclusions of the report on the review of hexythiazox, and in particular Appendices I and II thereof, completed by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health on 11 March 2011.
Member States must pay particular attention to: protection of the aquatic organisms.
conditions of authorisation must include measures for mitigation risks, safety of service and workers.
conditions of application must include safeguard measures where necessary where necessary.
(c) potential adverse effects of hexythiazox for crops;
(d) possible impact of preferential distribution and/or conversion of the mixtures of insomers to assess risks for workers, consumers and the environment.
Member States concerned shall ensure that the applicant submits the information referred to in points (a), (b) and (c) to 31 May 2013 and the information referred to in point (d) within two years of the adoption of specific guidelines.
fol CAS 76674-21-0 CIPAC 436 ( RS )-2,4 ⁇ -difluoro- ⁇ -(1 H-1.1.1,2.4-triazole-1-yl)benzhydryl alcohol  ⁇  920 g/kg (recipient)
: the maximum content of 0,1 g/kg dimethylformide: maximum content of 1 g/kg methyl: maximum content of 1 g/kg methanol: maximum content 1 g/kg 1 g/kg 1 June 2011 31 May 2021 PART A Only uses as fungicide may be authorised.
B For the application of uniform principles under Article 29(6) of Regulation (EC) No 1107/2009, the conclusions of the review report on flutriafol, and in particular Appendices I and II thereof, completed by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health on 11 March 2011.
: the specific attention of workers and ensure that, in terms of use, the use of adequate personal protective resources is included in the area of groundwater protection, where this active substance is used in areas with sensitive soil and/or climatic conditions, be given particular attention to long-term risk for heating birds.
it'll be fine when the cups break off.
Paris caught the older guy in the old guy.
I love older guys older guys. I love older guys.
I'm taking to the best restaurants in the best restaurants.
now he went to the Denver conference.
was so nice he was really happy that I went to Florida.
, she thinks I'm good with people of my age.
I was hoping to drive me to Denver, I was invited to ride with him to Denver, and I was hoping to drive me to Dend to Dend the Denver,
, but you know, he didn't want to.
maybe he might leave me. Maybe he wants me to leave me.
still buying jewelry? Do you still buy jewelry?
never purchased my jewellery.
how much money has?What much money?
Asher is not rich. Asher is not rich.
that is not?
in the car, son. , , , ,Haynes took a room with his fellow Terry Poghem complicated,
vehicles that were taken to escape were found on the farm where the other vehicle was stoleno, the vehicle was found at the morning, where the next vehicle was stoleno, the vehicle was found,
, but if you need something seriously and don't have it, you borrow it.
Roads and start new.
if someone knows the road, it's Red.
I'm Robert Haynes. Every person tells me Butch.
so they said, but it was a broodel.
we lived there. We lived there. We lived there.
even did they send him to the passage?
I had three years of delays, but I got it. I had it. I had a delay, but I got it.
I saw Ford bupe and took him to trip.
I thought that was. I thought.
, the judge attacked me four years in the most high passage in Gatesville in Texas.
fuck!
I can go to the north, south, east or west. I can go to the south.
Vylaer Spiromax 160 micrograms/4.5 micrograms, powder for inhalation powder
(but the phumaras dihydricus) (budesonide/formoteroli fumaras dihydrate)
more closely than you start taking this medicine because it contains important data for you.Read more closely.
, if you need to read it again.Ponchteland package leaflet, you will need to read it again.
If you have any other questions, ask your doctor, pharmacist or nurse health care.
This product was prescribed exclusively to you.
do not give it any other person.
could hurt her, even if she has the same signs of illness as yours.
If you experience any side effects, tell your doctor, pharmacist or nurse.
, in the same case, in any event of any adverse reactions not listed in this package leaflet.
See section 4. See section 4.
This aid does not take account of the further reduction in the total resulting from bilateral trade agreements with Latin America countries.
IV. IV. IV.
The Court recommends that the Commission reconsidered whether, in view of the findings of the European added value, BNI projects should finance from the BNI budget on research.
also the programming objectives should be clear and realistic.
, the Commission should consider what the use of the resources of complementary funding should be achieved and if it considers that synergies can be created leading to better use of EU resources, should take the necessary steps.
Introduction 1.
We consider that this recital clearly confirms that, for the applicability of Article 2 of the Regulation (idental to Article 2 of the Convention) is sufficient to have the defendant residing in a Member State bound by that regulation so that the dispute at issue is subject to one Community Member State.
is therefore not too important that the dispute at issue does not show any other relationship to another Member State or that relationship shows a third State.
, sometimes there are three.
!  ⁇   ⁇ éf, hitting my weight of the storm.
, of course, the citizen, of course, is a citizen.
I must say that he swore me over the back, totally fanatically, I got the joglo, but that pain told me to make it once again and he decided to make it clear and with the old Tupon.
, so I sealed the rejzre after his right futice in the upgrade of the sponge and cut five valuable substances, and jumped the battle drop of the blades and Tupon began to be just now the lunatic.
-when he was screaming at the hau ⁇ u ⁇  ha ⁇ u ⁇ , trying to him the same style as Ji ⁇ ík, all the only move - up, jump to him and cut—and felt the rejzr had gone deep into Tupon's wrist and he let his hakebojn and screamed as a slow mime.
something missing here is missing.
, let it do not do it.
who should I leave?
you write. You start screaming!
Whether they come all.
not. No. No. No.
, the more, the better.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
so, guys, we'll pass a list of songs, I added one song for tonight.
, this is my friend Savannah.
Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello.
still we can get to our cars!
Let's go! Let's go!
we don't know the range is extended.
safer is in the inside!
Where is Lisson? Where is Lisson?
I think it's near the pool. I think it's near the pool.
Just take Jen. Take the Jen.
take it inside!! Take it inside!
all right in the door! All right in the right inside!
Let's go! Let's go!
, look at them.
I must go for Lissa. I must go for Lisa.
moving, motion movements.
do not go!
, the luminous chlorine chlorine.
, when I tell you the whole story, everything starts to be crystal clear.
I found out that my parents were ...
was all right until he started ... and then we were the same: "niometimes" and the same thing: "muser" and I was like ...
Gallahxar ends. Gallahxar ends.
well, e.g. brown code, because I need new trousers.
Gallahxar has shown you to transmit prisoners to the prisoner.
's Bacha!!
Wau, give a bach, enjoy the bacha.
all alien destruction of all monsters. All alien monsters destroyed all monsters.
so do you want to get? Do you want to get?
if you want to hurt my friend, you'll have to get over me first. I'll have to get over me first.
. Hexadecimal color code system. System with hexadecimal coloured code. The Hexadecimal color code.
this will take a moment, but only a moment.
well. Well.
Give me this. Give me this. Give me this! Give me it to do it!
that would be pretty.
. Trefa. Trefa. The Trefa.
you should stay in the car.
, do you want me to be there? Do you want me to be there?
so go. So go. So go.
! Give me this. Give me this.
why? Why? Why? Why?
you should try the bid instead of the seriousness. You should try to try fun.
is important to stay positive. As he himself said it himself. As he said it himself.
I don't know. It's a bitch. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's a bitch.
! First, you say, I'm still clear and darkness and now I'm not a fierce?
! It's here! It's here! It's here! It's here! It's here! It's here! It's here! It's here! It's here!
I had no hunger, but thirsty thirst. I had no hunger than hunger.
you leave him here. You leave him here.
Me like me. Me likes me. I like myself.
it is comfortable. It is comfortable. It is comfortable.
I'm glad. But it's stolen, so it's better to get rid of it.
how long will you continue to do that, Eddie?
kids are afraid of you. You are very afraid of you.
you walk every night to fly around the city.
Lucilla, God gave me talent to me.
I can treat the blade with the shoe.
I want only... I want only...
you're right. You're right. You're right.
I believe in you, my dad, my dad. I believe in you, Dad.
Rolande, do not support Dad in that Dad.
I was innocent, but the Church decided to move me.
they said it was easier for all. When the farmer from the new church found why I was moved, they weren't happy.
, you wanted to know why I moved so much and I told you it.
you're a scrab, a little bit of a wait, a little wait.
what a friend who has two Brubeckets in Blue Note? I thought you planned orgy. I was lying. I was lying.
, there is a staff, Cuddy, a staff, Cuddy.
I say you are dependent. I say you're afraid you're afraid of fear.
you know what? Do you know what?
I want to stop his departure. I want to stop his departure.
House doesn't want anyone from us. He wants this. He wants this. He wants this. He wants this.
Super. It's super that it bothers children?
is that priest does not believe in God.
also is that God did the same thing that he did to him, what he did to the child.
. - Do you think he is innocent? - Does he have innocent eyes?
your dad always scared me to death.
nevertheless, he never scared you to do so that you didn't take us into the house at 3:00 in the morning.
I didn't know if I had to punish you or do the lavender.
! Hey, hey, hey, hey!
ha ha ha! In a half dinner, I told Claire that when he had a taste of his mother, he should be able to shoot my hand instead.
, the doctor had to cut down the wedding ring ring to me.
Claire, remembering how we went to school and we went on to the molo?
playing the game and you won here...
Pandrovian Panduum!
. I think we have negotiated. I think we have negotiated.
I should probably go out. I should probably have to go out.
I have one contract at the morning. I have a celebration. I have a celebrity.
don't ask what, but if I'd delayed, it would be a big Risk.
know what hurt me more? Do you know what hurt me more?
I thought your mother liked me. I thought my mother liked me.
— Acts of the institutions — Justification — Obligation — Obligation — Application of the competition rules — Failure of the failure to state reasons — Inadmissibility — Additional indications to be added to the reasons already sufficient and the applicant’s arguments — Applicability (Arts 81 EC, 82 EC and 230 EC; Council Regulation No 1/2003, Art. 2) 5.
will be the next day to remove you.
that's not okay?
Dob ⁇ e. Dob ⁇ e.
, take a bouquet of the Church of the God's consciousness.
would you like to help us somehow? Do you want to contribute?
not, but I thank you, but I thank you.
, the red zone is only for the entry and exit of passengers.
the prohibition of stopping the ban in white zone is the prohibition of stopping.
not. No. No. No.
is the White Zone for the succession and output.
the prohibition of stopping is in red zone.
red zone was always for the succession and output.
, in white zone, it was never stopped in white zone.
don't give me a zone that is for stopping and which for the succession.
, Beth, not begin with the ones with their cocaes about white zone.
Good morning. Hello daily.
, take a bouquet of the Church of the God's consciousness.
would you like to help us somehow? Do you want to contribute?
"We know most of the names," said Qu ⁇ as.
I was now finding it now."
you're talking like children," Merridew said.
Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God.
, the mysterious disease struck the horses on Morgan's ranchers.
, investigators are looking for answers after the second heating of horses.
the horses are recovering after the breeding suicide.
Eola... Eola... Eola...
County Psychiatrie...
what happened to you, Anno?
project has a rehabilitation centre and the last 2 years, the property is home for Shell.
, it was a blow of the back of the back of the back.
3 ribs and her spine was damaged.
she was well and she was trained to her knuckle every day on a small trip to the sea.
, my chance to eat its natural food.
, we believe that it keeps it and it will mainly make it more use of the back litter.
, for Kahindi, it is one of his remuneration for his hard work.
it is really pleasant. It is really pleasant. It is really pleasant.
has the possibility of swimming with turvami and enjoy so much fun.
Shella had not been disputed, but the hope that one day she paid to the sea was not filled with.
, inconfidence, she was deeply weak and finally died.
, this kind of work will certainly have the failure to succeed.
but there are still new turtle that should be taken to care of.
is healthy? is he healthy? Does he healthy?
we played, buddy!
We won the winner! We won!
you're okay? Are you okay?
Yeah! Yeah!
Yeah! Yeah!
right! Right!!
I push pressure me, I push. I push. I push. I push. I push.
, you'd rather like you should.
I push me down! I'm pushing!
more pressure than one!To push more!
Chade, tree!
Domov, sweet home.
, you should save faster.
, don't let it more radio, Kelsie.
how is it going, girl?
Parties which have expressed themselves under Article 3(6)(b), and representatives of the countries concerned of the Central America concerned may, on the basis of a written request, take account of all information provided to the Commission under the investigation, except for internal documents by the Union institutions or its Member States, where that information is relevant to the application of their arguments, are not confidential within the meaning of Article 11 and the Commission is used in the investigation.
Parties who have expressed themselves may communicate to the Commission to the information to their opinion to the Commission.
This opinion is taken into consideration if the evidence of prima facie prima facie is based on sufficient evidence.
, this is a porcelain gun made in Germany.
is not seen at the airport rentgenech and worth more than you earn for a whole month.
you would wonder how much I do in a month.
I know all about you and the incident of Nakatomi in Los Angeles, just because you say you're a tee, so that it doesn't mean that it's the same thing.
See, now you're on my sand, and the castle I'm building it on him. I'm going to build on it. I'm going to build on it.
you'd put some lottery lover in the way you'd put a lot.
well. Well.
I will send your fucking captain in Los Angeles fucking pissed off the fucking mud!
Now's out of my office before I let you throw out of my airport!
What is the detectors on the metal before: lead in your fuck or shit that you have in the brain?
has some cardboard on it? Does one show on each other?
, this is not our problem.
your car is ready.
, here sign up here. You can sign here.
, good night, all of them all.
Casey, I'll show you your room.
, Victoria, Victoria, Victorie.
well, if you lost, I'll be able to do it next to the night.
we should also pack it. Well, we probably should also pack it.
I... there... up there.
, in full, complete itself.
, here on the couch, too, too, here on the couch, too.
I think I might get a little of companies tonight. I think I might get a little more of my company tonight.
, wouldn't it be fine if I got what you have with Caseym?
Yeah, old good..... Casey!
I'm this one! I'm the one! I'm!
good night. Good night.
good night. Good night.
, in the case of both proceedings, the period actually overlapped the time-limit was actually overlapable.
however, only three months of the investigation period from the current procedure was overlapseed for the first three months of the investigation period.
, in accordance with Article 6(1) of the basic Regulation, the representative results should cover the investigated period normally six months immediately before the initiation of the procedure.
in those circumstances, it was decided that the data from the first three months of the period considered would not be sufficiently representative for the seasonal and unstable nitrate market.
should also be emphasised that the use of information obtained under a specific procedure for a specific purpose in another procedure and for a different purpose, where the party concerned did not show willingness to cooperate in the second investigation, would be contrary to the provisions of Article 19(6) of the basic Regulation.
you can search for individual records of accounts via useful information. To search the records of accounts, open the book and then select the record line.
you don't think it's not?
, Lieutenant, your men are dead.
phone on the corner of Wells and Lake.
, please raise Trinity, and then the Trinity.
, go on to the white rabbit.
if they find it for you... if they find it...
that crackla IRS base?
they go for you and I don't know what they want to do.
What do hell do they want? What do they want?
, but if you don't want to find it, I'll say, I'll say, if you don't want to find it, I'll say, if you don't want to find it, I'll tell you, I'll tell you that you'll disappear.
how? How? How? How? How?
I can lead you, but I can do exactly what I tell you. I can give you what I say.
, the K ⁇ je is empty to you is empty.
, but what if-- - Go! - Go!
right away! Now! Now!
you're the ones you're using people.
you used me! You used me!
you... you...
you're those who use people. You're those who use people.
well, well, well.
, get off the fuck from me.
How is your plan? How do your plan?
, not to be a member of the country.
you shoot me right before my wife?
stay there. Stay there.
the insurance company is registered.
Hold the dense! Hold the mouth!!
Stevenee?
I am Cindy Hull. I'm Cindy Hull.
Cindy?Cindy?
here it's here. Here it's it's. Here it's. Here it's. Here it's.This is.
Yes? Yes?
is not "my" or "mus" or "mus" or "mus" or "mus"".
so, and it is. And it is.
Thank you. Thank you.
Luca? Lucy?
I know. Yes, I know.
I know how I think it looks like a potinstorming.
, listen, I'm trying to perform this exercise.
Marcelle! Marcel!
Yes? Yes?
, he says he's shot at them. He's shooting them.
, if you start shooting, so marineers attack.
is your work to make sure that I don't die, do not I die?
, shooters have it on the mushrooms.
Nikita, please. Nikita, please.
I had no longer been. I was no longer.
if you die, I'm too. If you die, I'm too.
well. Well.
, we'll do it after your.
, thank you.
I repeat, shooters, sofa. I repeat, couch. I repeat, couch. I'm just talking about.
well. Well.
khoff opens a data channel.Birkhoff opens a data channel.
, send the file through it.
, once the file comes, the marineians will leave and you will be able to leave peacefully.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. hey, hey.
what is happening here? What is happening here?
Nothing, Mom. Nothing, Mom.
we just fucked that, yeah?
I saw what was happening.
so, Stanley, Stanley, so do it.
, let him lie.
return to him.
, let him the lesson.
, let him the lesson.
, "We must go," VanHorn said, who knew he could be rounding every moment.
, while Bonnie had managed, he picked up VanHorn into the syringe of one of the ampoules and pulled the needle into the thigh.
the second injection was pushing into the pre-cramming just above the ramami.
he hoped that he was to keep him conscious until he had reached the hospital.
, after a moment, allergic reaction caused a stroke and blood pressure reduction and a blood pressure reduction.
VanHorn began to lapse after breathing.
I must live, I had to live, he thought in the spirit.
, then he collapsed on the seat, then he collapsed.
Bonnie grabbed him hair and she turned his head to breathe better.
"Listen," she said. "Listen," she said.
, the right hand held VanHorn and left was a car that ran a stadder to the hospital.
, first, he must bring the serum to him first at the emergency room.
please enter, please!
! Hold on behind the border!!To be there!
! Hold on behind the border!!To be there!
Good evening. Good evening.
exactly 19:30. exactly 19:30.
in my age?
I can be happy to appear. I can be glad that it appears.
, nonsense nonsense. nonsense.
either here nice, Elke, Elke.
so healing, such a holi.
was you found Simmons? Did you find Simmons?
Yeah, yeah, he found. Yeah, he found.
, commissions and bribery commissions and bribery.
your original specifications are yours here. Here are your original specifications.
what is it? That's like...
that man had to do that... I couldn't imagine it. I couldn't imagine.
God, God, if you can, no one else is.
Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen. - Amen.
This is your real estate agent, Trudy.
we call him, old man Merl, served mail, it's our poster, because... you know... ...you know... ...you know...
, poor little, God bless her...
, too,...
can I take you a cabbage? Can I take you a cabin?
... Lucy Hill, this is Ted Mitchell.
so is it a small party? So is it a small party?
Yes. Yes.
... Ted, do you live here nearby?
Yes. Yes.
I moved here over ten years ago. I moved here over a decade ago.
, but the fact that the battery had still been shooting, suggested that they were still in the far-most in the far-there was actually ringing the edge of the zkase.
, however, Suther-land had already gone faster, and when Hornblower looked back, he saw Pluta's standing on board, the Pluta's mainstream is being prepared.
any sailer that will be able to hang out, facilitate the work of Sut-herland and will be able to work with the work done in an hour.
if you die at noon, you're a great deal of ready for a date in six.
I know that I know that. I know that.
, but... but...
my experience... the same risks that hold you together, will end any long-term burden.
that we're going to bear the burden of the burden of the continuation.
on health. Health.
, give me a swelling!
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
, no, you're going to be great.
go and teach your brother to do so.
well. Well.
Hello. Hello.
what is the forecast?What is the forecast?
I have to wear the stupid thing a few weeks.
you know what gets you one foot to the grave?
This provision merely takes the commitment proposed by the DSD under the administrative procedure (recitals 63 and 133 of the contested decision).
DSD cannot therefore be argued in the context of this procedure that, in other words, which itself proposed to the Commission, it is now more appropriate to address the problems identified during the proceedings.
, moreover, the adoption of a solution to the applicant, namely, to cover the log Der Gr ⁇ ne Punk rather than explaining notes near that logo would impose producers of packaging to the various types of packaging for each Member State, which would not be economically rational.
204 Consequently, the complaint relating to the disproportionate nature of Article 4(2) of the contested decision is rejected in so far as it imposes the listing of explanatory notes on the packaging, although it could be covered by the Der Gr ⁇ ne Punkt logo.
so poor old Tupoon in the Pébé Seli's meat, and he shouted like a animal.
"This is a book," said I.
Oh, Michael, please, Michael, please.
I was right to know it. I was right to know.
, you said you gave her it to her. You told her that you gave her them to her.
I must go. I must go.
will be heard! Go on!
well. Well.
," said Ritter disgusted, too late," said Ritter disadvantaged.
this was the better operation that his directorate had done after years, and a man who had come with the idea of the idea, now fears of the beginning.
, Admiral Cutter did not listen to Ritter's inequalities so carefully to get off.
President promised the surgical removal of people who killed Jacobs and those others killed Jacobs and those others.
, what was more important, WRANGLER did not do it, nor WRANGLER did it.
Chavez was too far south to hear explosion to hear the explosion of the explosion.
was set up on another process site.
, the town clearly founded as a staffet.
( 1 ) OJ L 414, 30.12.2006, p. 102.
you want to see the future, you will not see the future.
everything he paints... ...with completing the complete.
the sun is based on the new time in the new sun.
I saw them on my own eyes.
, when the fate is reached... I name Hiro Nakamura. I am born Hiro Nakamura.
, Tuesday we will be in America on Tuesday. We will be in America.
... do you know... Do you think it would be easier for everyone if... had a car?
and I wanted to surprise you next month to your birthday next month.
I can't stop thinking how many times I told you, "Hello", on your first day at school.
%1!s! was removed. The list was removed.
cooperating users cooperating users' users' cooperation in the co-operation pool users
, research does not contain questions.
Investment costs: Investment costs:
5.5 million. 5.5 million. 5.5 miles. 5.5 million.
( (2) In accordance with Article 95(3) of the Agreement, the Council of Ministers shall adopt any transitional measures necessary regarding the amended provisions until their entry into force is amended.
collection collections of collectionships, collections, which are collected, in the collection of collections, which are collected from the collection of collections, are collected from collections and collections.
list lists List of lists of lists of lists of lists of names which are known as the list of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists of names which are known as follows:
: hand written commentary written in the hand, in the comments submitted by the commentary, the handed down by the commentary of the commentary, the handed down by the commentary of the commentary of the documentary of the documentary
to transfer the selection to text text to text text to text texture to be converted to text selections to text messages to be converted to texts to texts on texts to text messages to be transferred to texts on texts of texts of texts, including the
, I think for believing for the opinion of the opinion of the opinion of the opinion of the opinion of the opinion of the opinion of the opinion of the opinion of the opinion of the opinion of the opinion on behalf of the presumption of the presumption of the presumption of the presumption of the presumption of the presumption of the case-law of the case-lawfulness of the European Union.
ability of file format format variable to file file formattype formattypes
Comments for refusal to refuse rejection of refusal to rejection of the refusal of the refusal of the refusal comment on refusal to rejection of the rejection of the refusal of rejection of the rejection of the rejection of the rejection of the rejection of the rejection of the rejection of the rejection of the rejection of the rejection of the rejection of the decision-making
Compression of image image image compression Compression Compression Compression Compression images of images and images
and replace and replace the replacement of the founders and replacement of the replacement of the foundations and replacement of the foundations of the foundations and replacement and replacement of replacement and replacement of the following replacement
ability of error XMLL errors XMLLL errors The XMLLL errors options for error XMLLLLLLLLL errors options for error XMLLLLLLLLL errors.
and a grid and a grid and a grid and a grid and a grid, right-cross-clicker and a grid and a grid, right and a grid and a grid,
initially, the initial of the right to the first time the initial owner of the right to the initials of the right to the start of the sailor's right to the initially available to the initials of the sailor's right to the initially of the sailor's right to the first time
The workshared workspace of workshops shared workspace, shared workspace, shared workshops, shared workshops, and the shared workspace space space space shared room shared room shared room(s)
Set the starting symptom of the starting symptom of symptoms set up starting symptomversal symptoms of default signs of symptoms of default, set up default signs of baseline signs of starting symptomology
Conditional formatting formatting, subdivision formatting, subdivision formatting, subdivision formatting, subdivision formatting, subdivision formatting, subdivision formatting, etc.
: EN Official Journal of the European Union C 326/10 Judgment of the Court (First Chamber) of 7 September 2006 (request for a preliminary ruling from the Areios Pagos – Greece) — G. Agorastedis v Commission v Commission Decision.
MENU: 08.06.
friend??
, this monogamie really begins me to poison me.This monogamy is starting to poison me.
that is not possible. It is not possible.
so, Lassie. Well, Lassie.
you saw the record.
, it is impossible to be impossible.
I know I know. I know. I know. I know.
it is really shocking. It is really shocking.
but the stroke of the dead may mean the only:
, maybe it's the best here, deep in the forests, maybe it's the best here, deep in the forests, and maybe it's best here, deep in the forests,
, far from the population areas of the population.
were stolen, ash, pedestrians, and dead.
I think it is absolutely obvious what is happening here. I think it's absolutely obvious what's going on here.
you two natives have organized a small fraud to your workshop to not complete the loss of time and you found two ovens that jumped you.
that is not true. That is not true.
if you were going to do something, you would sell your mother even your own mother.
I love you, angel, angel. I love you, angel.
I'll be thinking, I'll let you know. I'll let you know.
, because I have no one. Because I don't have them. Because I don't have them. Because I don't have them. Because I don't have them.
and why should I trust you believe? Why should I trust you?
, because I say it because I say it. Because I say it. I say it. I say it.
what should it be good to be?What should it be?What should it be?
Lazarre probably will not be too much enthusiasm.
, tell Lazar that if he doesn't, so let someone go to me to dentalize my mouth.
I will not be wished. I will not be ordered to visit.
, healed, Bernie.
, Tom. Hi, Tom.
how is it going? How do you manage? How do you? How do you?
, they come from hunters of skulls.
what? What?
thousands of years have been here for thousands of years.
s skulls?Contracts of skull?
they have a few villages around the village. They have some villages around.
they come on fish. They walk on fish.
Did you say the hunters of the skull? Did you say hunters of the skull?
, over a hundred years, we have no longer been left over the hundred years.
that they do not do not mean that they don't remember how it is.
, there'll be rivers of river's shoulder here.They'll be here on the shoulder of the river.
, maybe he's gonna borrowing a ship.
so, we go to hunters of lebek, not from them?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I am so hungry that I would sell my own grandmother for Tic Tac, for my own grandmother.
that's... is...?
I'm not sure now I'm not sure I want to know it.
I can talk to you? - Yes, of course, Dr. Sureshi, doctor.
it's okay, Alice.
three separate lines of three separate lines.
, don't worry about them.
I'm not reading you thoughts if you think it. If you think it.
I had a dream of showing me the cards.
? Does this specific moment? Does this specific moment? Does this specific moment? Does the dream? Does this specific moment?
and everything you seem to have to meet?
about you. You are.
all of you are here. You kill all of what are here.
I can assure you that it will not happen to it. I can assure you... that it will not happen.
you're a good man and you've taken care of us very kindly.
I say, but I tell you that it will be free of charge.
if you go, it will destroy our entire work.
We were thinking about you, actually, we were thinking about you.
before we saw this.
this is your brother's file.This is a file of your brother.
over twenty years old, and he has three heavy crimes over twenty years old and has three hard crimes.
three times and three times and enough.
will be a boy to go to the rest of his life for stealing cars.
God, that is a stupid law.
, he was still the same chance as you.
black, ducky black, dick?
... all I have to do is that this is falsely provincially innocent man?
what are you? What are you? What are you?
we talk about the whites that shot three blacks.
and you are telling me that it won't be fair enough to him?
know what? Do you know what?
maybe you might have the right. Maybe you're right.
transport may be used by any means of transport, including air or maritime transport, including air transport.
Air transport is not limited to the use of national carriers  ⁇ zerbaijan or Member States, and it is possible to use both regular and charter flights.
, in the event of return with the accompanying that accompanying is not limited only to the authorised person seeking a State where it is a person authorised by Azerbaijan or a Member State.
‘This depends on it’s relevant.’
a long tramous silence rose.
“Slanter, if you go, I’ll show you how it works,” said Jair finally said.
, in the sparkling dark eyes, he suddenly appeared interested in the scalp of the dark eyes.
ready? Are you ready?
I'm that I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm.
, start. Start.
Starost Scott is detained without the possibility of rubber and investigations continues.
with nudlers, with nudlos. ...they beat the driver who had gone from the accident in which his son and his daughter and his attempts.
How do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel?
I think I would contact Daunt's family.
, so it's called the guy who knocked me down.
who who told you that? Who did he tell you?
all day, they give it to news in news.
What are we going to do when we are not forgiven that?
not only that those people came about a man who loved him, but also must live with the fact that someone almost killed someone.
well, two people.
I was thinking I might say that I could not be angry and that could relieve their pain.
it was my fault. It was my fault.
this is... it's...
if it is so... ...it surprises me this. If it is so... ...it is surprised to me.
I... I...
all the time I was there, we worked together everyday day. We worked together daily.
arrived on 16 May... ...the 16th May... ...their arrived... ...their... ...their...
, on 16 May ... on a glitter 4-day visit to the country's country's country's country's fleet visit.
Ahah Ah. Aha.
and then he went and returned to midnight June, and returned to midnight.
, do you really?
so it was. So it was. That was.
Jay Garner and Paul Hughes were not the only people of surprise for the dissolution of the army's army dissolution.
: 00:56:05.22 The idea for the dissolution of the entire army surprised me enough to surprise me.
right. Right. Right.
can I?
surely. Surely. Surely.
, supervisors, supervisors, supervisors, and supervisors, and the supervisors of the supervisors.
how did you find it? How did you come to it?
right. Right. Right.
thanks to the thanks.
one, Reggie.
forget it!!!!!!!!!!
you have done this, Flashi, Flashi!
, no, but I had but I had. I had.
Give yourself a bunch of baits.
Hello. Hello.
good?
enough to stay here, Parker.
you election!
Give us beer with us a beer with us.
"No foreign army never occupied American territory."
I mean, I mean, they come to the mitrocho young on spies, you know.
I really think it really is. I really think it.
Ok Ok Ok. Ok.
you're going to break with me? Are you going with me?
this is... it's...
is this a breakdown message?
why do you break up with me? Why do you break up?
you're a great boy and you find the right girl, but I'm not me.
, do you prepare yourself? Do you prepare yourself?
Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah, yeah, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're gonna be sure to get a nice dealt with.
we'll be in the morning at 13:00 Monitor Mulhollandand, tomorrow at 13:00, the Mulholland prospects of Mulholandandand, and we'll be in the morning, and the Mulhollander's prospects, and the Mulhollandandeland, who is a great deal of the Mulholland, and the Mulhollandician.
- Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go go, go go, go go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go go, go go, go on to go, go on to go go.
All Tancujte all Tancujtejtejte all Tancujtejteji ⁇ n all Tancujtejteji ⁇ n all Tancujtejteji ⁇ njuji ⁇ nín ⁇ 
please love the rhythm Tancujtejte rhythm Tancujtejtejtejteji ⁇ nín ⁇ t ⁇ nín ⁇ t ⁇ jm ⁇ nínín ⁇ t ⁇ j ⁇ ní ⁇ t ⁇ jí ⁇ ník ⁇ n ⁇ 
, and a traceful work of great work, and work great work, and the great work of work, and the great work of work, and the great work of work, and the great work of work, and the great work of work, and the...
you hungry? Do you have a hunger? Do you have hunger?
when you give them toast and jam, they would like a little topped in the hill and then want to go on the toilet, and then want to the toiletries of the toiletries.
so no toast and jam we'll just enjoy fun with a juniority and a jam, we'll be talking about eating a little bit of toast and jem.
Rachelchelles Rachelchellor Rachelchellor Rachelchellor Rachelchellor Rachelchellor Rachelchellor Rachelchellor Rachelchella Rachelchella, Rachelchellor Rachelchellor, and Rachel Rachelchellor, in the first place, the Rachelor, is a case-by-case.
your true name?
I'm Rachelchellor Rachelchellor's arose, I'm Rachel Rachelchellor Rachel Rachelchellor, I'm Rachel Rachelchellor Rachel Rachelchellor, and I'm a rationale.
This is part of the training program?
she was glad to be glad of him.
some idea, hope, dream, dream, hopelessness, dream, dream, and somehow.
, even the most ground-family of us are not alive just bread.
is some internal life in each of us - and he survives after they become gossi."
I, you, Haddie and Nora, you, Haddie and Nora.
My three exceptional children in this exceptional day of exceptional children.
Are you for the purposes of you? Are you for? Are you for?
, sorry, that's just.
I must go to the meeting of the student council.
right, yeah. Well, yeah.
, I'll be sure you, don't be a little bit.
Pa, gold, gold.
when dad is gone, can I eat it with TV?
right, right, then go. So go.
well. Well.
, it is not as it looks like it.
I know I'm going to make it more powerful than I'm doing. I know it's more powerful than I'm doing.
I understand you, I understand you. I understand.
your secrets is safe with me. Your secret is safe with me.
Figure area area area area area area landscape landscape landscape landscape landscape landscape
type type type type type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of type of measurement, etc.
My mouse Mystery Mystery Mystery Myrhus Myrhis minds, My thoughts of thoughtfulness, My thoughts of thoughtfulnesses, My thoughts of thoughtfulnesses, My thoughts of thoughtfulnesses, My thoughts of thoughtfulnesses,
, the cave-senschairway, the caves of the klávesnice, the cowskiets, the cowskiets, the cowskiets, the cushion of the kettle, the cushion of the beach.
Save Save Save the Savement Order of Save the Saveer
cancellation cancellation cancellation of cancellation of cancellation of cancellation of cancellation of cancellation cancellation cancellation cancellation of cancellation of cancellation of the Cancellation of the Cancellation
Figure image Figure image
, Video Video Video Video Games Videos
Download %s video (%s, %s) Downloads video (%s, %s)
visual view Previewscribe to the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the preview of the prevailing of the
(%.1f percent of %d) percent (%.1f percent) per cent (%.1f percent)
: %dotal: %ddddddotal: %ddddddddddddtotal: %ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddlesh
unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown to unknown unknowns unknown to unknowns in unknown cases of unknown affairs of unknown importance to the unknown knowledge of unknowns to the unknown unknowns of the unknown knowledge of the unknown nature of the unknown.
under 18 below 18.
18 to 25 to 25, up to 25, respectively, 18 to 25, to 25, respectively, the 18 to 25 and 25
never tell them yes, they never tell them anything.
work!!!To work!
I read the protocol about the Colombian affair.
you had an unremistakable vestuous vestuous vest.
that must not be infiltration at the infiltration.
was winter for me. I was cold. I was cold.
was you not afraid of fear? Did you not fear?
here is a stink of as in the lava in the lava.
what are you playing on?What are you playing?
Are you worried about you fear? Are you afraid?
I say there's a stink of how in the livestock in the livestock.
FORMAMAMAMA’s FROM FORMAMA’s FROM THE FORMAMA’s FROM THE FORMAMAMAMA’s FROM THE FORMAMAMAMA’s FROM
film-coated tablet (tabletableta).
yellow biconvex film-coated tablet with roots of ‘S10’ on the one hand and Boehringer Ingelheim’ logo on the other side (the ratio of the tablet: 9.1 mm).
the largest group of students who were involved in Erasmus's work-steps, were students of social science, trade and rights (266%), the second place was the strongest group of previous year, i.e. humanitarian science students (17.1%), and third place of the students of agriculture and veterinary (15.4%), compared to the previous year, eight times higher.
how many higher education students (bachelor and Master's and Master's fields) are involved in Erasmus?
how many of them spent in 2010-2011 part of the study or the entire study abroad?
, before you can try this example, you must set up a sample package that is supplied together with IBM Cognos Business Intelligence.
See the IBM Cognos Business Intelligence Manual and Security IBM Cognos Business Intelligence.
You must also have a example list “Alignation - Creation of the grouped list for the sold-up list” on page 23.
I have, for sure, Chipe, I am sure.
I'll be careful about it well. I'll be looking for it. I'll be sure to care about him.
... I mean, he was... was... great! was... ...I want to say... ... was... ...the great!
... uh, no, more than ten feet!
I can clarify this... little ununderstood. When... When...
go away from me. Go away from me!!
I know that it doesn't seem well, but it's a nice and friendly, and friendly.
, my friend is my friend. It's my friend. It's my friend. It's my friend.
I would say that you don't know you, I would say you're sympathetic with the monster.
, night after night.
No! No!
we're not safe until I've got his head on my wall!
: We kill the door!
if there is no dead, we're not safe - We're coming to watch us at night watch us watch us watching nights
, the promotion of capacity building which the Commission provides, thus focuses mainly on public finance management management.
, among the needs of public finance management in a country and the amounts granted to support capacity building, it is not clear linkable.
is therefore not clear whether the normal share of funding of the general budget support programmes allocated to capacity building, usually in order 5% is sufficient to have a significant impact.
, it is impossible to be impossible.
, it is impossible in our dictionary.
who has said it? Who did he say it?
you. You.
-inactive vaccine (large virion) contains pandemic strain with a quantity of antigen* corresponding to the corresponding frequency of influenza*
A/Vietnam/1194/2004 (H5N1)**************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
0.5 ml at 0.5 ml dose 0.5 ml of 0.5 ml at doses of 0.5 ml dosing at doses of 0.5 ml of 0.5 ml of 0.5 ml of dose at doses of 0.5 ml of 0.5 ml of dose dosing.
‘Not more than one of the meetings of the meeting is available, ‘the next incidence of the meeting is available.’
see what is in you, Weathersi, Weathersi.
, to the bus.
Evans. Evans.
still want to be Mustang? Do you want to be Mustang?
I want it to be clear that I want.
I do not satisfy physical assumptions, coach.
Evans, you need not be athletes. You need to be athlete.
See, look at me.
enough when you have a heart.
I know you have the heart. I know you have the heart.
, he would be a manager of the equipment.
does you not have an interest? Do you not interest?
you know that Yeah!
so go. Let's go.
, it is a perfect size, but yes, but yes.
thought he would be a good soldier from Peterson. He thought he would be a good soldier.
you ran together because Peterson knew that I'd find you two killed Waterse.
, this is all, thank you.
Vsad'te on his back.
right... look for... ... search for'!!
ladies and gentlemen: Ladies and gentlemen:
The Revolution! The Revolution!
"We came here today to discuss the things we call life of life we call life, we call life
"Electricating word of life life life life-long life"
"I mean that I have loved and I have long for my time.
"It is something else. "It's something else.
"There you can always see the sunshine can always see the sunshine you can see the sunshine "There are always sunshine to see the sunshine you can see the sunshine you can see the sunshine "Thereforestsight"
I know that every Dr. Eveything would be in order to order everyone.
"Take him what he thinks about you, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Bearing on you, Baby, "Teller, why don't you think about you, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby,
"In that life, in that life, in that life, this life is "there is a good idea of that life" in that life."
you want to delete my rock before you take it?
Ichyé. Ichjé.
nothing much. Nothing power.
I Yellow pirko. I Love the yellow piano.
we welcome the warrior with the pale face of the light.
I think you've been getting me wrong with you. I think you've got me wrong.
she is... she's... she's...
right. Right. Right.
I am a big warrior, pale face.
here you are strong here. Here you are here.
Yeah, a big platelet, a big plate. Yeah, a big platelet.
face to be stronger than the white warriors.
thanks to the thanks.
, this is nice of you. It's from you.
, the yellow pirko knows, you killed 11 of his most brave.
, in support of its claim, a certain price offers submitted to tender to the aid of its claim.
, however, that argument had to be rejected, since the price offers cannot be taken into account without proving that the transaction eventually took place.
in any event, as stated in recital (40), export prices maintained for the calculation of dumping were prices charged by the exporting producer concerned.
, during the investigation at the premises in the company concerned, those prices were verified during the premises in the company’s premises in the premises in the company’s premises in the premises of the company concerned.
: Updated HTML works for Dreamweaver documents other than other HTML documents.
do! Do!!!!!!!!
enter into the inventory!
where did they sit? Where did they sit?
Where are they? Where are they? Where are they?
Where are they? Where are they? Where are they?
, let's go find them. Let's find them.
, split, split yourself.
, in the first...
Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay?
, Fung was it. It was working.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Book in order? Book in order?
Yes. Yes.
, this was done, the first player.
now, listen, Amadeo, you must insert peace into each breath and decide you will fight this illness and healing.
, save the weapon.
we have this in our plan.We have no plan.
we will not let you go to King Arcon from us. We will not let you to take you the king from us.
Good King Arkon is a fraud.
our king is wise.
he is a prisoner. He is a prisoner.
your king may be your king, but there is no prisoner.
only might just be silent on the walls, which is spreading the temple near from the far away.
, in those words, the prophecy is a prophecy, and anyone who can read the same forecasts.
that is a lie.
so why we don't return to the village and let's not let it explain from the king Arcon.
, first, but you can first fold the weapons.
Jack Jack?
Daniel Daniel Daniel?
they won't shoot... that not?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I was helpless. I was helpless.
that heart was not strong enough.
, let me go.
I am that I am. I.
Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel.
Daniel Daniel Daniel?
the stop.
, stop the pain.
how? How? How? How? How?
... just let me leave. Just let me leave.
not. No. No. No.
I don't want to lose you again. I don't want to lose you again.
Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel.
Daniel, Daniel, come to me.
he is dead. He is dead.
, Dad, Dad, Dad.
please raise it please.
Samuel alone.
Dad. Dad.
I found him on the hill...
with this!!!!!!!!
Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay?
Claire, I didn't do it. Claire, I didn't do it.
! The killer murderer!!
that he is. That's him. That's him.
, you brought him here. You brought him here.
No, do not hurt them.
we are better than they are better than they.
, take him to the house of mirror mirrors into the house.
Claro! Clara!!
's attention!
is free noosoroc in the bathroom!
, really, how do you believe?
I think of this planet. I think of the planet.
until the circumstances change, people will change, people.
until the change is changed.
, while you watched us naked...
was you thought me for a second at least...
in the attractive of attractive?
, it is clear, there is a certain attractiveness.
what is the word... gravity fields.
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha! Ha Ha!
you are very funny. You are very funny.
I know what you've got about. Hero, I know what you've got about.
, Mr.  ⁇ igby, and at least in Paris, was Anglian, met him before Dupuy and then he had come to him in another salon once evening.
, perhaps, fifteen years since the Duke of Bouquinquant proved that the Englishman may have a roman en teste and be able to be able to be able to be able to spread.
told him that in France they had a beautiful and proud queen, and he had created a dream and he had sacrificed his life and even died for him.
long lived on the ship, his loved one built altar.
, when it was known that he was now a delegation of Bouquinquant, sometimes before twelve years ago, he was a pirate at sea and struggled against Spain, all the Paris Preciosis began to consider him as a charming man.
in Dupuy's circles, the English were not very popular, they considered them in some sort of figure like Roberts and Fluctibus, Medicine Docor, Eques Auratus and Oxford Harmiger, who had been faced by a number of pamphlets that had been criticized in the occasional nature's occasional nature's occasionality.
if the daily is normal, there is nothing special today, it is not going to happen to be a special day.
, but... but...
I forgot that today is an extremely unfortunate day today.
it sounds crazy... but I die. I'm dead. I'm going to die crazy.
it's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here.
I would have known if I knew it, I would have been up earlier.
I would not come late.
I would not let the boys agree with the boys.
, that was supposed to be the day of HEAK ⁇  on the day...
, hey!
you are blind or what, are you blind or what?!
excuse for the Convention!
apologize immediately! apologize for a moment!
sorry! I apologize!
who was sourced? Who's smoking?
with no one.
ten, nine, eight... ...then a munus ten, nine, eight...
, the jaw holder of the jaw.
, the name is speaking for everything.
Good morning, Reaganova Central, Reaganova's Medium.
will be held... ...their at two hours on the cemetery in Cloverdale.
... ...pan Murk, our advisor, will be available... ...there is spending anxiety.
I feel with you all.
, Tragic. Tragic.
so beautiful and charming girl like Elizabeth Purror... ...a man-made fate.
if I have a share of the guilt, I don't know what I'm going to do. I don't know what I'm going to do.
that's going to be okay.
, the neighbour said she saw... ...the day, a girl with tee-couplers coming to the house at 15:30.
I asked him what the peace of those eternal "stromy" and why I still blame them, and my surprise told me that I was told myself that I had come to Pavlov's last time to look at trees.
I will go from this hole and then look after the Great Ed.
that's gonna leave him so long to live?
No, Cody, Cody.
I take care of it. I'll look at him. I'm gonna look at him.
not, Mum, M.
, when he did that thing, he must not pass through it.
not, Mum, M.
I'm going to go to him to keep your murder, and I'm going to be there to treat your murder.
I say, I say, you don't do it.
, Cody, Nashle, Cody.
Mom! Mom! Mom!
What is Parker? What is it? What is, Parker?
at least, at least, for now. At least, at least, at least.
night you will be... to meet horror about me. But you'll be... to meet terror.
I'm taking care of the Great Eda.
he saw it?
not entirely. Not completely. Not completely.
Good, boy, boy?
, please close the door, please shut the door.
, the organization of the Althea Jarry, Shheriff Althea Jarry.
Jax Teller, Jax Teller.
Chibs Chibs. Chibs Chibs. Chibs. Chibs. Chibs.
I didn't know that it was a family business.
. - This is not happening to us. - This is not happening to us. - This is not happening to us. - This is not happening. - This is not happening to us.
we are here a legal and quiet undertaking here.We're going to be a legal and quiet undertaking.
I'm rich, goddamned!
how did you come to this? How did you come to this?
I Boxed the Boxing. I was Boxing.
and won? And he won?
Yes, Madam. Yes, Madam.
and what do you get behind the win?What do you get behind the win?
, Respect.
and why do you have to fight the fists to get respect?
and they made me a cooker and not only it.
I shall clean up after the other marines are naked.
two years and the Navy did not miss me or miss out of the weapon.
better watch, officer Miller.
, you know, he taught me to fly.
he'll be with me there.
I was always forced to be better and faster. I always have to do so much faster.
Downing and Gates.
we must let them go there.
on Downing and Gates have a marching band...
, give your hands upstairs.
, give your hands upstairs.
now no one comes different than Kan-Easy, now comes here, and now no one comes here other than Kan-Easy, and now comes here, and now comes here, and there is no one else than Kan-Easy,
AKA Kanye West. AKAKA Kanye West.
just so. Well, so. Well, so.
, because of the lack of access rights, the imposition failed to be insufficient due to lack of access rights.
you must have the administrator's authorization.
probably loss of data loss was lost probably loss.
(Chyba  ⁇  %1!lx!) (Chyba  ⁇  %1!lx!)
, the Principles of the imposition of storage with Principles of storage deposits with the Principles of storage deposits of storage with the Principles of storage deposits of storage deposits, with Principles of storage deposits, with Principles of storage deposits, and the principles of storage,
, opening the storage of the wireless network principles, the unloading of wireless network has failed to succeed.
no domain controller has been found for the domain.
, opening the storage of the wireless network principles, the unloading of wireless network has failed to succeed.
, the service Active Directory service was not possible.
, the creation of the root of wireless network principles has failed to succeed.
you probably do not have access rights for administration.You probably do not have access rights for administration.
, the opening of the root of wireless network principles was not managed due to insufficient access rights.
you must be the administrator.
, opening the storage of the wireless network principles, the unloading of wireless network has failed to succeed.
following error occurred: %1 %1% of the following error: %1% of the following error: %1% of the following error occurred: %1% of the %1% were added: %1% of the following error occurred: %1% of the %1% of the following error occurred: %1
had had a map of the map.
! Do you believe it sounds like everything was okay?
your lord will kill as well as you, if you do not let us.
, the partner countries of the European Neighbourhood Policy from the Eastern Europe and South Caucasus 2.2.1.
The existing framework for dialogue The framework for relations with Eastern Europe countries and the Southern Caucasus is the European Neighbourhood Policy.
Although the cooperation in the field of migration, visa issues, asylum policy, border management and other related economic and social issues are indirectly mentioned by the Partnership Partnership and Cooperation Agreement, which forms a legal basis for the EC with these countries, these themes are also included in all European Neighbourhood Policy plans that have been negotiated with the Eastern partners.
some of these partner countries also have their own national action programmes in this context.
in the case of Ukraine there is a specific action plan for justice, freedom and security, which corresponds to the part relating to this area in the action plans negotiated with Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Moldova, and the Commission also cooperates with Ukraine on the basis of the evaluation results based on the action plan on justice, freedom and security plan which is direct point.
on migration issues, discussing in detail with Moldova and Ukraine in the relevant subcommittees and are also discussed at regular meetings of the EU-Ukraine Ministerial Tri-Ukraine for Justice, Security and Justice and Justice and Justice Cooperation Committee meetings.
similar approach follows, in the case of three countries of South Caucasus whose action plans were adopted in November 2006, in November 2006.
Dialogue and cooperation with individual countries is progressing different tempes, according to their capacity, size (which applies especially in Ukraine) and situations.
Although Belarus is a special case[7], technical cooperation on border policy issues, migration and organised crime is possible on the basis of contacts with Belarusian officials at work and regional dialogue and regional programmes.
if the file contains unautomatic and unstructured data, all documents from a file of the institution transmitted by the institution shall return, and all their copies will be destroyed once the time limit for storage of the last automated data in the file has elapsed.
, the bolika struck his head into Doon, it was not able to count it.
so, the one who will risk going to be not going back anymore.
? So long, we would have taken us before Jumper to you. We would have reached Jumper.
if you need to do it?
. We begin working on DHD. We're starting to work on DHD.
you're sure, Rodney? Are you sure, Rodney?
can we show you this!
you are completely impossible! You are completely impossible!
Prepare? Prepared?
please wait, please wait!
I am next to me. I am next to the next.
Carmen? Carmen?
well. Well.
, sofa, shouted!
, I thank you for you. Thank you.
your efforts are admirable, Mr. Infelde.
, however, that nonsense, despite the poisonous, it does not affect my ability to work.
are you sure that you are sure, virtue of the fact that you are?
, because I see the outraged veins on your neck.
, the introduction of fans, sulphurous as a sulphuric acid, is old as herself, so tell your client, let it pulls nerve from the khoble and plays a baseball game.
, and this is your request for a judicial ban... ...to reject the rejection.
is a code for your safety, if you can't say something in case of official investigations.
already approach. Are we getting closer. Are you really?
someone? Well, no, you know, you're gonna be a man?
it's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun.
you oil unfortunate, do you not have any idea, do you not have any idea?
I have a wife and kids. I have accounts. I have my bills. I have got my bills.
and my mother, you met. And my mother, you met.
Deane, everything you said is absolutely true is the truth.
Deane?
for the preparation for magic. - No! - No!
Yes. Yes.
How is Kevin prophet when Chuck prophet is a year?
, Kevin, how you see here, our relationship is now much simpler.
I can do a lot, for the brave boy like you. You are.
"Demonal influence on the overall masterpaper" in the overall tapery of the soul."
... spit it. - Yeah! Do you have it? Do you have it?
I remember how I told you that Weiss found the bomb in Harlem? - Yeah. - Yeah. - Find it in Chinatown.
I didn't call her anymore. - How long is it? - How long?
where did it fall? Where did it fall? Where did it fall?
check the machine. - It's not time for it. - It's not time for it. - It's not time for it.
!!!!!!!!!!!
! - Go! - Go! - Go! - Go!
! - Kurt! - Kurva! - Kurva! - Kurva! - Courty! - Courty! - Courty! - Kurt! - Courty! - Kurt! - Courtype!
fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast!
! damn it! damn it! damn it! fucking!
Go, ksakra! Go, ksakra!
! Well, do you! Well, okay?
be careful! Watch out! Watch out!
finally gets you, but now they have a lot of work with this rescue operations.
, and Hard Rain's Gonna Fall, and Hard Rain's Gonna Fall.
, even it can be based on your feelings about atomic rain.
wasn't an atomic rain, that was what someone else thought was another one.
, it is not atomic rain. It is not atomic rain.
Continue. Continue. Continue.
, it is just a strong rain. It is just a strong rain.
Doping struggles to combat Doping remains a serious threat to sport.
the use of dumping substances in the event of non-professional athletes is a serious threat to public health and requires preventive measures, including the establishment of a good physical condition for housing.
and the prevention and sanctions in the area of dumping fall within the competence of sports organisations and Member States.
, the Commission supports the fight against dumping and the important role of the World Anti-Doping Agency, National Anti-Doping Organisations, the accredited laboratories, the Council of Europe and UNESCO.
also welcomes the fact that national anti-doping organisations are increasingly organised as independent authorities.
Member States are encouraged to adopt and share national anti-doping action plans aimed at ensuring coordination between all relevant sectors.
The number of stakeholders require an EU's more active approach in the fight against the dumping, the purchase of the adoption of Antidoping Council of Europe, if the competences in this area allow the Union to enable it.
The consequences necessary to evaluate the consequences of granting the powers of the Union within Article 165 TFEU should be evaluated in the framework of the EU's governance structure in the World Anti-Doping Agency.
, the Commission stresses the need for anti-doping rules and procedures that would be consistent with EU legislation in respect of fundamental rights and principles such as private and family life, protection of personal data and the right to a fair trial and presumption of innocence.
any restriction on the exercise of those rights and freedoms must be given by law and respect the essence of those rights and the principle of proportionality.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I can't help you with help you.
Steve, do you have a pen? Do you have a pen? Do you have a pen?
Yeah, hele, remember that whatever it is, so he has feelings.
, man, are you so sensitive? Are you so sensitive?
you are talking here regularly here? I'm talking here regularly? I'm?
Yeah? Yeah?
, who worked here two days ago?
I can't remember the special one. I can't remember.
, thanks to your help, so that you can help.
, for the water, and for the water.
do you have something? Do you have something? Do you have something?
number number. Number. Number.
only women and children! Only women and children! Only women and children!
. We have our best clothes and die as a gentlemani jentlmeni.
we would like to have brandy. We would like to have a brandy.
Captain. Captain, where do I go?
, here, the Tudy. Tudy.
! You return us! You return to us! You return to us!
I'm not going to go through the valley of the shadows of death, I'm not going to be a valley of death, I'm not going to be.
could you go a little faster by the valley?
Jack!!!!!!
they had to surrender... for the water's warmth... they returned back.
, go slowly.
someone hearing me? Do someone hear me?
Jack Jack. Jack. Jack.
!" Gimli shouted, shouting.
"Sit's set him, Legolas!"
I said, "I didn't say I would talk to you?" said the old man.
"Go away the luka, Master elves!"
Luk and arrows looked like Legolas from his hand and his arm, and his arms had fallen freely in the side.
"And you, Master dwarf, please don't touch the topyr, until I'm upstairs.
you will not need such arguments to be required."
Gimli jerked and stood like a blown and staring, while the old man jumped down the gross stairs upward like a goat.
as if all tiredness left him, he would leave him all tiredness.
how much was it for you?What did you?
, we say that it was old enough to teach it and enough young enough to do not bother me to do so.
Fuju fuj. Fuji. Fuj. Fuji. Fuj. Fuji. Fuji. Fuj. Fuj. Fuj.
I loved her. I loved her.
and then I grew up...
, and then she left. And then she left.
, but she returned.
, this is both from "Lolite" as the "Lolitas".
I'm not going anywhere without her, I'm not going anywhere without her. I'm going without her.
, here, there is.
thanks to the thanks.
Nancy! Nancy!!
, did you do what I told you? Did you do what I told you?
where is a small one of the small ones where is it a small?
47 The appellants are limited to the factual state of claim by contesting that assessment of the facts is challenged by the appellants.
, it is not for the evidence that the Court distorted the evidence that it was submitted to him.
, in any event, it cannot be argued that the Court of First Instance had to conclude from the absence of a complaint of the competing undertaking that the objectives pursued by the Commission were other than claimed.
that the plea alleging an abuse of powers must be rejected.
49 As regards the ground of appeal alleging a failure to state reasons of the judgment under appeal, it must be held that Ramondin did not raise it in his appeal.
that reason is inadmissible under Article 42(2) and Article 118 of the Rules of Procedure of the Court of Justice.
he still stopped talking. And he didn't stop talking.
that is not true. That is not true.
now, it is necessary to be granted.
How could Zadovsky... admit things that might become a head?
. It knows that it is only one choice: confession. It knows that it is only one choice: confession.
I have nothing to admit. But I have nothing to admit.
and not talk to him like that. And not talk to him like this.
it is not a court, but a traitor.
go. Go. Go. Go.
she left me side, my friend, comrades, comrades, comrades, comrades, comrades me, a party, a friend, a comradictor.
nobody doubts about my fault. I reacted the same way... ... in Rajk processes.
what communications would not be unrecognised?What would the communist be unsurprising?
how to understand that the party who is unwanted, ... can it be necessary to grant an innocent person?
we will do everything to reveal your treacherous against the side and people.
, Zadovsky knew contacts on the US spies.
assistance. Help. Help.
that is perhaps not true.
Are you Mr Sparrow? Are you Mr Sparrow?
, here, the Tudy. Tudy.
that was the way that was, what was the way?What?
, if you believe the daughter and her husband, to give up.
I fear not only of the safety of our man, but frankly also about their lives.
, you know why did I tell you what I had to tell you?
Yes. Yes.
, when you're ready, press the black button here.
When you are ready, talk simply a normal voice.
... ...this button and speak. And press this button and speak.
, say what you think is right.
your dad speaks your dad.
is well that poor mom is dead and she doesn't see you end up.
, after that, we can worry about the management of its receptions.
and you don't worry about the transfer of the power of Prince Wu?
, when Kuvira started the Zemnísto's purity, Kuvira knew that her position was not stable.
, she gave me her word that then she would then swift.
I would feel much better if Korra was here. I would feel much better if Korra was here.
you need to help me return to the form to work back to Avatar's form.
I get hard to assure all the pins across the Earth Kingdom of Earth.
the world needs me to be the world needs me.
remember.
the world doesn't need you or a little bit.
I stopped a few really evil people before the execution of evil things before the real evil things.
Look, when I was the chief of police in the Republic City, I'm hard to make me send all the crimes behind the grid.
but did he disappear? No. No.
if there is one thing I learned on the street, it is that the names change, but streets remain the same.
so, you're saying that everything I've reached was totally nothing to do with, it was all that I've got to do.
to reduce the deficit as soon as possible under 3 % of GDP, Cyprus is prepared to take additional consolidation measures as soon as possible.
, in particular, in the event of lower income or higher needs of social expenditure due to negative macroeconomic effects, the government is ready to adopt additional measures to maintain the objectives of the programme, including the reduction of discretionary expenditure, while minimising the impact on the disadvantaged population groups.
, during the programming period, the cash revenues exceeding the programme forecasts including any unexpected gains are used to increase savings or debt reduction.
, if it is better achieved by better results in such a way that improvements can be considered permanent, the need to reduce the need for additional measures in recent years.
, don't forget it.
you were well? Did you sleep well?
Where is Pazu? Where is Pazu? Where is Pazu?
I want to see him! I want to see him!
does the latest fashion?
, or, for that reason, fear.
is harder than I am.
, I want to show you something about what I want to show you here.
go inside. Go inside.
what is it... what is it...?
, it has a terrible devastating power of the devastating power.
, he is a soldier robot soldier.
if this guy had not fallen from the sky, nobody would believe in the Lapute.
this was not produced in the earth surface area.This was not produced anywhere in the earth surface area.
it has the power you can't imagine. You can't imagine.
other references can be found on the same website.
[4] Commission Staff Working Document [...] Commission Staff Working Document [...] Commission Staff Working Document [...] Commission Staff Working Document [...] Commission Staff Working Document [...] Commission Staff [...] [...] Staff Working Document [...] Commission Staff [...].
(5 ) SEC(2007) 1278 of 10 October 2007, Action 4.6., s.16. p. 16.
(6 ) Regulation (EC) No 1013/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 on the transport of waste, OJ L 190, 12.7.2006, p. 1 (the waste transportation facility’).
PS October 2008 does not take any action before the 2008 PS October 2008.
primary balance (% of GDP) primary balance (% of GDP)
, even though he didn't want to cry again, he couldn't stop it.
, that ticket, the ticking press.
, in the newspapers, the article about him is an article about him.
if he had been flying with other things like United, TWA, Conano, Eastern...
the newspapers love the clowns of this clown.
... James Bond... James Bond.
Tell me Jil, why do it? Why do it?
you've got a pretty shift over it.
where did you give a reason to which you gave? Where did you give a reason?
Where is your chicken? Where is your chicken? Where is your chicken?
I'm looking for something big here. I'm looking for something big.
, you know what I'm talking about.
When you behave like this, how can I rely on you?
if you want to go with me, he'll have to be after my.
I understand my situation, I shall answer thousands of people.
, the business will pass through $100 million in the year.
trust me when I have problems, they will have others.
forget the stupid license of the stupid license.
, when I'm going to be here to check my flag, the license will not need.
I don't know why, but I'm talking to you, the more I'm talking to you, I don't think you're going to do with me.
I don't want to go to that. I don't want to go to it.
I don't want to have anything to do with this, do you understand?
[7] PriceWaterhouseCoopersAdvisors: Impact Assessment Studies on the reduction of noise from rail transport targeted to the existing parking.
final report, December 2007.http://ec.europa.eu/transport/rail/studies/index_en.htm.
: [8] Type Packages The organic composite material are produced and have different braking characteristics compared to traditional spots.
that we can break it up. We can't break it.
he said that the Bank purchases the navigational system for the 200 million dollars.
what do they pip on?What do they pip?
so well. Well, so well.
I heard the car coming, so I went to look at the window.
and as everyone sinks around you!And as everyone sinks around you!
I go down the street, people look at me and say, "This is Roy Hobbs. He is the best."
took me 1 6 years before I got here. I took 1 6 years before I got here.
I don't know where the water is taken, but...
we must begin to ask. "What is it going on?"
, sit on your ass and watch. Lehice's hill...
move. Moveb!! Movement!
MacBride gave him a quick and strong overhospiddle into the internal corner.
go down the courtyard, take it there really good piece of wood - and we manufacture it together.
, in response to the accusations of Max Mercy, that Wonderboy is an unregulary battalion, Commissioner Gates declared.
, the cable is going to go to the 2nd-meter, Fowler's attempts to defend it.
Bum Bailey died after the hit the wall on the right field when he caught the ball.
what is it fear of you in your head?What do you fear that?
that's incredible! It's incredible!
"Given the way. "Govern.
you need to feel in the event...
Theo will have a track system on the spot. So we need a signal tower to the signal. We need a signal tower.
, even safe broadcasts, whether we agree.
only option is commander, but there is every piece of computer, - When we say something about it, Theo will find out.
can you give me a drink?
thanks to the thanks.
I know what Theo wants, and I know what Mark wants. I know what Mark wants.
I'm not sure for you. I'm not sure for you.
killed his wife, almost killed his children, almost killed his children.
how do you think you have a chance?
what do you do? What is it you in that?What do you do?
in aquarium with two sharks with two sharks.
I think that this is Kyle didn't want to be Kyle for you. I think that this was not for you Kyle didn't want to do for you.
and I'm going to be angry and letting you just because you mentioned Kyle?
I'm better for you than any of those two of those two. I'm better for you than any of those two of them.
what will I have to do? What do I have? What do I have?
, next time, it is certainly, or not.
Christ Christ Mr Christ, Christ, Mr Christ. Christ. Christ.
No, no, no, no.
, we have fish enough fish.
enjoy the taste.
s of the bouquet?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
good, good, that?
, don't worry about it.
No, I'm full of! I'm full!
, don't even give a few dads.
we should also make the stretch. We should also make the stretches.
one more day and they will be worm in it.
, Sung-hee, Come here.
‘mission value’ means concentration or mass of pollutants in racing emissions during the light-defined period not exceeding;
Title 6 — Total CHAPTER 6 0 — CONSULTS TO THE PROGRAMISSION CHAPTER 6 — SUPPLICATIONS 6 — SUPPLICATION OF THE IMPLANDING OF THE IMPLEMENTS OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES AND THE IMPLUATIONS AND THE IMPLUATIONS AND CONS AND THE IMPLUATIONS AND ASS AND THE IMPLUATIONS AND ASS AND THE IMPLANS AND THE IMPLANS AND THE IMPLANS AND THE COS AND THE COS AND THE COS AND THE COS AND THE COS AND THE COS AND THE COS AND THE COS AND THE COS AND THE COUNTS OF THE COUNTS OF THE COUNTS OF THE IS AND THE COUNTS OF THE IS AND CONS AND THE IMPLUMENTS AND CONS AND THE IS AND CONS AND CONS AND THE IMPLANTUMENTS AND THE IMPLUMENTS AND THE IMPLUMENTS AND CONS AND CONS AND THE IMPLUMENTS AND CONS AND CONS AND THE CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS AND CONS
Remarks The adoption of agreements relating to cooperation between Switzerland and the European Atomic Energy Community, in particular of the Agreement of 14 September 1978.
Yeah, he hung up. Yeah, he hung up.
I was angry with all the secrets he didn't know nor the universe itself.
, but I was thinking that the yesterday's yesterday was a lot of long time ago.
it was honor for me for me. It was honor for me.
I doubt that I doubt it. I doubt it.
what I know is between you and O. and O.
it is a great woman, but you know the rules.
, there must be no close relationship between agents between agents.
I think you were more than nearby than nearby.
, this is now my unfriendly miracle of human history.
if this is not the case when K forget to give a dagger.
I would have forgotten my own.
that was a fous.
I will decide what it is. I will decide what it is.
it seems like some sort of cake. It looks like some sort of cake.
dimension of the storage dimension of the storage storage site database, dimensions of storage storage storage storage site, dimensions of storage storage storage sites, dimensions of storage storage storage storage rates, dimensions of storage storage storage sites
, systemic language systemic language systemic language, systemic language, systemic language, systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language systemic language(s)
system of units units units units of units, system units of units of units, system of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units, etc.
monitoring dimension of the dimension of monitoring dimensions
Classification of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of units of age, or unit,
.To optimise configuration technology variant configuration configuration options configuration options configuration configuration options for configuration rates of configuration and/orative technologies variations
, the management of the budget dimension of the budget budget, the management dimension of the budget of the budget of the budget of the budget of the management dimension of the budget of the budget of the management of the budget of the budget of the budget of the management budget of the budget of the management of the budget of the budget of the management of the projection of the projection of the
Regulation No 128/2002 of the European Union (EC) No 480/2006, p.
the duration of the budgetary cycle of the budgetary cycle of the budgetary cycle of the budgetary cycle of the budgetary cycle of the duration of the budgetary cycle of the budgetary cycle of the duration of the budgetary cycle of the budgetary cycle of the duration of the budgetary cycle of the duration of the budgetary cycle of the projection cycle
, non-marketable securities, non-market paper, non-marketable paper paper
, non-marketable check-in-house checkbox, non-marketable checkholder, non-marketable checkholder checkbox, non-marketable checkbox,
candidates tenderer tenderer tenderer for tenderer and tenderers, for tenderers, tenderers, tenderers, tenderers, tenderers, tenderers, tenderers, tenderers, tenderers, tenderers, and tenderers, in order to obtain a tenderer.
Application Application Application for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a request for a preliminary ruling from a request forumption
, pcs, b.c. added to the login, a bike of the login, a bumper sticker sheets, or sheets, besides, the bands of the loop,
employee employee employee staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member of the staff member
, do those children come with us?
I did not have anybody on watch. I couldn't get anybody on watch.
, the parents don't return until the evening.
you're crazy about them.
, they are very good children. They are very good children.
do you want to leave them for someone?
I know a girl who's taking care of them. I know a girl who's care about them.
crazy you crazy? Did you crawl?
I can't just let someone do. I can't just let it be for someone.
do you need to know, aunt?
will you wish to wish?
you have something without fat there? Do you have something without fat?
all is excellent. All of them are all exciting.
God, we are not afraid of diet.
two wheels, two wheels.
, wait.
when did Praya come in? When did Praya come?
a few days ago. a few days ago.
is that Bernadette doesn't like to worry about my mother and my mother does not trust Bernadette...
, it's a cursed. It's a cursed. It's a cursed. It's a cursorous.
should be should be should be.
fears of fear should not be afraid.
, as your target friend, I am ready to hit and comfort you.
That fact is not necessary. That is not really necessary.
No, no, no, no.
I'll make tea while you'll be narcistically complaining about anything they're spending you.
thanks to the thanks.
, here, the tercious friends are here.
who is it? Who is it? Who is it?
you can't even inside you. You can't.
Marshall, I'm Margalle. Barney!
, the Kuppodivu was the second largest surprise of the day.
was offered me the main newsletter, from next week. -Oh, this is great!
he was going to train training.
you don't need to be nice to me when I'm with Haley, yeah?
I'm not a good dealer. I'm not. I'm not.
, without you, man, man.
, Whitesy said.
I'm trying to avoid it.
so yeah, yeah.
, as usual, as usual, as usual.
do I have hallucinations?
I saw you talk to Lucas?
, he tried to talk to me. No, he tried to talk to me.
you want to go to English? Do you want to go to English?
you go with me? Do you go with me?
you think it seriously? Do you think it seriously?
what is the result?What is the result?What is the result?
nine - five, one round inadmissibly.
for who? Who do??
Come on, do you decide!
, the audience who were the whole game on the legs, still standing and calls the name of the one who, according to them, a clear winner.
James J. Braddock!
, Hi, Zivo.
No, Israel, they are back.
is Amsterdam today's negotiations? Is Amsterdam included in the negotiations today?
now you must be brave and learned right now.
get him to a secure house!
so, look at me!
I can't believe it happened again. I can't believe it happened again.
so, Leone, hanging out.
the potentially wind-up organs, torn spleen and rapidly losing blood.
and I was thirty-three strange convictions with me during thirty-discriminate conviction.
the exclusion of the meat concerned which is appropriate for human consumption, from products covered by the export refunds, is neither in accordance with the Court’s case-law that the concept of satisfactory commercial quality depends on the possibility of placing on the market in question.
that exclusion would not be in conformity with Community interest, because such meat would be classified on the part of the Community market.
"What is smart?"
, the Closton showed a analyzer showing an unreasonable chain of letters and digits in the famous colours.
"I was not clear how the parasite survived in the jiracle that she had stared at you with gloves.
they were dismissed."
"What do?"What?"
"It is a standard trick that carries drugs or drugs through the enemies environment - for example through the stomach to blood.
, but this time, the disease had been transported by this time.
is not losing in the transposition."
"Aha. "Aha. "Ahah.
Doneeste petrol! Doneste petrol!
what do you want to do? What do you want to do?
What do you want to do with the lamp?What do you want to do with the lamp?
, it is from Gitte and Benta and Benta. It is from Gitte and Benta.
, it's our wedding gift. It's our wedding gift.
filled you were crazy? Did you just crazing yourself?
, you'll not do that.
“all”.
What the hell do you do here, Dr. Dr.?
is really sad, Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr.. is really sad, very sad, doctor.
I know what I know.
I am a poor man. I am a poor man.
the undertaking which has been certified by the national regulatory authority as a undertaking meeting the requirements of this Chapter is approved by the competent Member State and determined for transmission system operators.
the certification procedure referred to in Article 7b shall apply to the certification procedure referred to in Article 7b.
why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not?
, because of him?
I don't think the dear child, I don't think that he's going back.
I can promise you. I can promise you. I can promise you.
I actually came to you something to tell you.
you remember the centurion that brought us here?
, it seems that he had disappeared too.
, he was obviously he who hired the man to kill me.
more, maybe killing Maxima, uh... how is it going on?
... Pettulian.
Ehm, what is it?
I must remember the name of the name. I must remember it.
I have to, I have, good night.
, but Doctor, if he wanted to kill you why did he not care for it himself?
, however, since the Council could not adopt the Commission proposals before 1 January 1993, the Council decided to adopt a transitional system before 1 January 1993, to adopt a transitional system.
, in the case of tariffs, Directive 92/77/EEC[2] which approximate the rates in question are approximated by the tariffs concerned.
you're right, Allison's right, Allison.
thanks to the thanks.
, but not, you're not a prey. You're not a prestigious.
Pizza is here. Pizza is here.
, thanks, gold, gold.
, go tell the brother's brother.
... he's in room... with a girl.
Tom has a girl in the room room? Tom has a girl in a room?
, with locked doors with locked doors, with locked doors.
, Tomy, here's mom, what do you do there?
now, nothing when you said Mom. Now, you said Mom.
, honey, why do you have locked doors?
Dad?
? Do you cry? Do you cry?
you're still in heaven? Are you still in heaven?
I do it. I'll do it.
Yes. Yes.
you will help Van Waldenberg team by Van Waldenberg.
, so you'll stay here for a whole time of preparation.
you will be a bruslit I housing as a few.
is it per ⁇ an, clear?
I am a master of carpeters. I am a master of carpetrators.
What does this mean? What does it mean?
, hold a clamp and get a dirty.
Palandy?Palandy?
I want my room. I want my room.
I'm sorry, but I'm hurrying.
Hey! Hey!
Model? Model?
, St ⁇ h!!!Oh!!
Daniel, how does it look like Daniel?
, thank you, reverende.
we wait until they come and start and start.
that writer, that writer, that writer, that?
I like to know you too much. I like you to know you.
, do you really?
you must be very proud of brother to your brother.
I am. Yes, I am.
, therefore, you can say that yes?
, Daniel will talk Daniel.
, the Committee, the Committee.
I look at whether everything is prepared.
should you talk about you. You should talk.
all expectations of this are all expected.
I would have shown it as much as it is.
Tally Thompson was smiling like a monkey.
"I did not do anything about their precious carriage!
they go screaming at another, boy!
they're going to go quietly behind them, tell them, let them leave it!"
suddenly, the tally stopped and pulled the hand out of Fraser's sealing.
policeman had been involved and almost collapsed by Brian.
, Tally turned and closed the palms into the tiles of the palm.
"Then don't you want to be fun, friends!"
his cylindrical casson was a brick-cany quayon.
"Do you harm private property!"
, Tom had been a lightning of a man like a lightning with a sharp fist spread of fists.
, inviting it.
I wouldn't do it to you, I wouldn't do it.
, just put the phone in the phone.
that shit, I'm a fucking messenger.
what did you do to him? What did you do it?
simply fell off.
, you forced him to fall.
Yeah, but not that I would set a stages to resist.
you have a stages? Do you have a stages?
not... No...
can we throw the guy back into the car?
You are a refount? Are you a refount? Are you a refrigerator?
for you I am. for you. I am.
why do all of them think that? Why do they all think that?
, in the overtime, maybe.
you had enough overtime overtime.
you pay beer, Brody, Brody.
, you're the boss here. You're here boss here.
, while you should be happy to be.
I have more important things to work on the work of more important things.
and no overtime overtime.
OK. OK. OK.
, while, Mike, while Miku.
no overtime! no overtime!
no overtime! no overtime!
, Hi, Mike. Hi, Miku.
Oh. Oh. Oh.
, Dane, Dane.
I... I...
fucking shrimp, my shoes!
, these shoes were 200 Euros of these shoes.
who is the girl lying downstairs?
Lavinia, Arnald's friend, Lavinia, Arnald's friend.
girl's girl.
don't try to throw me into the water, or you'll kick your ass.
Milá ⁇ ka. Milá ⁇ ka.
careful, he's throwing you into water.
, no, she can't swim!
help her! Help her!!
do something!Do something!
was you afraid? Are you afraid?
me?
not. No. No. No.
Emily kills? - No. - No. - No.
, or so it will be at least to the police.
eye behind the eye.
you had a higher place in the first row. You had a higher place in the first row.
Daniel will find how bad taste for women in fact has.
do you make the last time of the speech?
, it is a long delayed change of my life. It is a long delayed change of my life.
I called your lawyer and agreed to your shareholders with your interests.
I sent her a guiding paper with divorce papers.
you were right, Conrade was right.
, it is time to stop it.
, do you think of poetic timing, do you not think?
, see the party at the party.
you could not choose a better time, Georgei.
Grayson Global is on the way to the best quarter of the history in the history of the history.
you can't just sleep together without trying to come to what you mean for yourself.
Yeah, we knew you'd say it. We knew you'd say it.
, and because of this and also we are very excited to the work-shop.
, no, no, no, no, no!
I know they're written "professor Mosby", but for you... I'm Ted.
, he says, he says.
Yeah, "Tede" Do we have something to learn from you. Do you have something to learn?
and when you are a professor where you have a hat and a whip?
! Barney, it was terrible! I was in class...
Where are you condoms? I am on the pills. I am a pierce.
I can't do it. I'm probably not going to do it.
first error was that you left her to ask her a question.
the second error was that you didn't miss her after her.
If the decision of the memorial committee-- Damas, you will get the offset!
have you ever been a constitution? Did you ever read a constitution?
, STENDAL, N ⁇ MECK ⁇  DEMOKRATICAL REPUBLIC The location of fuel to small storage decreased the number of slips to zero.
, however, the security was safely lasted about a month.
on the bike of tanks and the torture of the amenities were of course serious, but both were enough.
, with fuel masses, it was differently differently.
do you make fun? Do you make fun?
that is what you said to me to tell me to say.
, please tell me what to tell me what to say, please tell me what to tell me, please.
, offer me 14.
I give you 14.
14! It offers me 14!
just started to be in boxing.
, while you're not taking a star with stars.
should I be advised to fight women with women?
this guy is our last chance.This guy is our last chance.
What the hell is with you? What the hell is it with you? What the fuck is it?
you need to let something go to do it again. You must let you let it happen again.
, Hey, he's right. He's right. He's right.
if we don't get Cosima out, the shift will not be a shift.
we go to sixteen camps to sixteen camps.
take it. Take it.
not. No. No. No.
on girls. To girls.
? So, and it is.
well. Well.
so, and it is. And it is.
you're going to go. You're going to get it.
thanks to the thanks.
that's nothing is. It's nothing is.
go. Go. Go.
, yeah, opera, yeah.
fuckin' fuckin'.
... today's ...nour ... today's heading. ... today's day's heading.
, please write the following numbers as a comprehensive heading.
(b) require additional guarantees for diseases which are exotic in the Community.
Article 14 Transfer of the date of the transposition to a Member State of destination shall remain without interference in the territory of a third country or — in the case of a regionalisation — in part of the territory defined in Article 13(2)(a) for the period determined in the decisions adopted pursuant to Article 15.
, the horsebacks must come from the holding which is under the veterinary supervision.
is the research of morphogenetic interactions between primary sensoric axony and target tissues.
Yeah, paradise. Yeah, paradise.
I hope that all of them are dead now now on the spot.
in jeans, a lot of civic pans had been pre-tired by McVries' empty tub, which lost all the usefulness and started a new career of souvenir.
, the panic stood closer, but the boy was faster and had caught her half length.
!" he gathered behind McVriese and picked up the wrapped and twisted tube into the air.
then he then moved back to his friends.
, the panic had been a buried look at him.
is your fault. - Our wine? - Is it your fault? - Our wine?
I want a joint action, a federal and federal, and it will be at the State Court of State.
you're here from me a little coke from me.
God. God. God. God. God. God.
he didn't know that John was an agent. John was an agent.
do you understand? Do you understand?
my client says Agent Dover - Omar - reached an unjust after the weapon.
I have witnesses who confirm that Agent Dover had pulled a weapon before three times before, it will convince that he repeatedly saw the agent of Dover taking cocain, and that he was strange and paranoid at last.
all the honour, if it really was...
I can't prove self-defense when I can't show the pressure under the man's pressure, and see if he had a shot?
well. Well.
I'm reading them and try to sort what secret information and what we can publish.
, even if you change the accusations, I'll like to know where the things were shared.
What is one Junior Brown compared to what I can prove in a federal judge?
now you have luggage it now. You have it now.
help me! Help me!
help me someone! Help me someone!
I am delightful to my pleasure.
I love a terrible films. I love the horrible films.
"You saw me go to Hell?" "Do you see me to Pelk?
I'm trying to avoid it.
, but it's a great film. It's a great movie.
Saturday, seven, at my home at my home.
I will cook you dinner and I will make my famous popcorn from white chocolate.
, and look at it.
payment? Are you paying?
this sounds great, Marcy, but, uh... uh...
, okay, that's nothing.
, yeah, and one thing still... and one thing...
, my sail on the past... it's a snunt. It's a snunt.
The national Parties to all mines issued in 2002, may be found in OJ C 373, 28.12.2001, p. 1 . ( 2 ) . ( 2 )
See Council conclusions on 10 February 2009 and Commission Recommendation of 19 December 2008 on common guidelines for national parties and issuing euro coins intended for circulation ( OJ L 9, 14.1.2009, p. 52 ).
Laguna and Vista are across the street from editories.
anyone fired the fungus, works for newspapers.
Burnon departs in an hour.
you know what is at stake, Shawn?
my whole future with family family.
Yeah and two unresolved murders and innocent man who is still in prison.
your family too. But your family also.
, we don't know who is a killer who's murderer.
, and it would take a long time to come to it.
, we're going to the stupid airport.
, Burton, maybe you can't disappoint it in this case.
... I can't help but I think it would be better detective if Shawn didn't drag you downstairs.
I can't see what you're looking at in the case. I don't see what you'd help you in the case.
, he didn't.
, why do you need it? Why do you need it?
, the mechanisms for granting aid referred to in paragraph 1, the conditions which are covered by it and its above shall be determined in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 40(2).
Step-dearing!
Step-dearing!
she dying! She's dying!
Step-dearing!
Yes. Yes.
Yes. Yes.
I--I thought I was a cat. I thought I was a cat.
Yes, something like that, something like that. Something like that.
I was able to see the cat with cattle.
I was going to be able to identify them.
never sure when you try to guess it is, is it so?
so I was maybe a sad cat. I was maybe a sad cat.
was I sad cat? I was sad?
because they admire me--
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, the cats are surprised me.
also as with other antiagregancium clopidogrel should be used with caution in patients with a potential risk of increased bleeding following trauma, surgery or due to other pathological conditions and, in the case of concomitant administration of clopidogrel and ASA, heparin, glycoprotein inhibitors IIb/IIIa or non-steroidal anti-phloid antifloid (NSAID) including cox-2 inhibitors or selective re-inhibitors (SIRI).
patients should be closely monitored whether any signs of bleeding including occult bleeding, especially during the first weeks of treatment and/or after invasive cardiological performance or surgery.
concomitant administration of clopidogrel with oral anticoagulants is not recommended as it may increase bleeding intensity (see section 4.5).
if the patient has a planned operation and antiagregatory effect is not temporarily desirable, clopidogrel should be deployed 7 days prior to the performance.
patients should, prior to planning any surgery or other pharmacotherapy, be advised by physicians and dental physicians that they use clopidogrel clopidogrel.
Klopidogrel extends the bleeding time and should therefore be given to patients with tendency to bleeding (particularly gastrointestinal and intraocular) careful.
4 Patients should be informed that if they take clopidogrel (samotable or in combination with ASA), the restraint of bleeding could last longer than usual and that they should be aware of any unusual bleeding (the incidence or length) of their doctor.
Trombocytopenic Purpura (TTP) Trombocytopenic purpura (TTP) was reported very rare after the use of clopidogrel after the short exposure.
is characterised by thrombocytopenia and microangiopathic haemolytic anaemia associated either with neurological findings, renal dysfunction or fever.
TTP is potentially a fatal condition requiring an unsurfitting treatment including plasmaferézy.
received haemophilia Following clopidogrel, haemophilia has been reported received haemophilia.
where the certificate of the prolongation of the activated partial thromboplastine time (APTT) is confirmed with bleeding or without it, the possibility of haemophilia acquired is necessary should be taken into account.
patients with confirmed diagnosis obtained haemophilia have a specialised doctor and the administration of clopidogrel should be discontinued.
recent stroke event Given the lack of data, clopidogrel cannot be recommended during the first 7 days after acute ischaemic stroke of the brain accident.
Cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19)
Question 50 (Liam Aylward):
, the labelling of the product from the leather meat product.
The passive smoking, passive smoking, fire smoking.
, passive exot, passive exot, passive exot.
was pretty puppy. They were pretty puppy. They were pretty puppy.
I was pleased to see Zelí, Zelí.
the life of the blaza.
you see no. No you see. No you see.
hundred bumbeat.Stocks of the bubek.
unopened vial 2 years old
and dilution of Chemical and physical stability prior to use has been demonstrated for 8 hours at room temperature for 8 hours.
, in a microbiological point of view, if the method of opening/reconstitution does not exclude the risk of microbiological contamination, the product should be used immediately.
if the conditions of storage and the eligibility of the user are not used immediately, the conditions of storage and the period of the applicability of the user's liability are not used immediately, the conditions of storage and the period of the applicable liability of the user.
, the maritime cabotage services which are not authorised for shipowners, ‘the same services to which the access is guaranteed by the Community shipowners and, in both cases, the definition within the meaning of Regulation No 3577/92.
so, so, so, so, so, so, you'll be the one.
, the guy shot my brother three rami in the head of three ramiors into the head.
, and the guy lives as a fairy story.
what should I do? What should I do?
Should I shake his hands or kill him?
, by shooting him, you will not help him, you will not help him.
I wouldn't help? Do I help?
in heaven in the sky of 5 minutes?
how could it be good? How could it be?
Joe, I'm healthy, Joe, I'm healthy. Joe, I'm healthy. Joe, I'm healthy.
everything in order to order?
Yes, yes, fine.
Can Cathy go on and a little bit of you to forgive you?
right, yes, yes.
God, God!
I'm sorry, but not invited to our party!
a little cheese and satisfy our little pet.
, why do you know what you are able, now! Now!
you! You!
inner, now! Now!
police police! Police!!
all of you're going to get, damn it!
what does this smell so much? What does it smell?
God, Lord, God.
what the hell is it? What the hell is it?
do not go, go on! Come on! Come on!
out of the fucking gorgeous, you fucking sorghan!
more body! Another body!
If the relative activity cannot be obtained in the scope of the required values, the result should be considered as an approximate, and this should be recorded in the analysis protocol.
if the directions cannot be considered parallel, the test repeats the test.
if it is not reached the parallel, the result must be considered unsatisfactory.
not, not, I'm rather a little bit of...
Made bad results in mathematics changed in "dyskalkulia".
is not inconceivable to the feelings of other people (sometimes called unsavailability) means that the child suffers from a ‘popular behavior’.
is it easy for me, yes?
When did you do something that wasn't in your interest, but only for your family?
that day when you were born. That day you were born.
I wanted to put you into the sea and let the waves flush you away.
, instead, I left you alive.
and he took you as his son as his son.
, because you are Lannister.
Santoso Santa. Santso.
he is empty. He is empty.
, we'll find a place to sleep.
, Hodor. Hours. Hodor.
, Hodor. Hours. Hodor.
Hodore, not.
maybe we shouldn't stay here. Maybe we shouldn't stay here.
Would you prefer to be out there? Do you prefer to be there?
We are not going to eat anything in the city. We don't have anything to eat in town.
you had enough money-out ideas, Gito, but this is all overcoming.
just wait until he sees that their enemy glass and steel with a little flowers and green.
I still think that sending them a letter, brochure, would be a more tractor approach.
see, traditional.
, this is your problem, dear. It's your problem, dear.
if you want to touch it, you must learn to think outside the convention.
this world is jungle, Hareshi.
trust me trust me.
Come! Let's go!
watch the philodendron!
there is no car here. There is no car here.
Mom's mom's mom's not here.
two people? What are two people?
who is dead? Who is dead? Who is dead?
, a schoolman from the listeners, and Charlie Gereson, and Charlie Gereson.
I hate myself, if I hadn't let you go, and sleep your dream.
, even though it will mean you're also moving away.
, and now go. Now go.
, and I'm going to be a tears again.
I care for my throat is being brave.
Max, you would be amazing Rosa Parks.
, that is the thing they last for.
, but you made him to move him to the exit.
you're good, you're good. You're good. You're a good. You're a good. You're a good.
so much after his cocoa balls I don't like it. I don't like it.
in the past parts of the past...
my life is enough to get Michelle.
, in order to take her family, her family is vulnerable.
I was made out of my position. - And who's now commanded here?
Member State notified by the Member State which the entity has not already fulfilled the criteria set out in Annex V shall no longer meet the criteria set out in Annex V.
, in the absence of this information, the Commission and the other Member States shall inform the Commission and the other Member States immediately and other Member States.
EC DECISION Article 10 1.
the EC type-examination procedure for the approved inspection body is detected and certifies that the OOP model meets the provisions of this Directive which relate to it.
what Does Bailey want from me? What do Bailey want from me?
that you came to ask me?
, why did he send me a invitation to me? Why did he send me an invitation?
. Why should I know about your invited invited?
nothing I don't know anything about anything I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything.
what do you want from me? What do you want? What do you want?
why did you come here? Why did you come here? Why do you come here?
I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything.
nothing I don't know anything about anything I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything.
who is Secretary of Bailey?
Jerry Bailey is a rich trader.
came to the States as a smooth emigrant to do... full of money in San Francisco and Los Angeles.
, where he lived thirty years of thirty years.
all I know it all this all. I know it all.
it is in the newspaper. It is in the newspapers.
3 – Maps likely to break the supply – before the adoption of other national measures – in February at the end of six months of the Russian gas supply, cooperative and non-cooperative scenario, the wave of extremely cold weather The cooperative scenario || Non-operative scenario Source: ENTSO-G Exposition of hot-risk interruptions against the supply of gas The Zhruba half of the primary energy in the EU is consumed on heating and heat water heat in the domestic and terocidal sector and the process in the process of the industry.
, diving and water heat in buildings are particularly dependent on gas in Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, as shown by Figure 4 below.
tell me you like fucked me!
I hate you! I hate you!
, fuck, say, tell me that I'm your "Man." tell me you like me.
I love you. I love you. I love you.
you like me and I love you too. I love you and I also love you too.
now fall to school. Now, go to school.
? Hey, what did you do there, guys?
I hate him. I hate him.
Hey, Give me cigarettes.
I have just one already. I have just one.
your brother told me that you were really a little bit of a sire.
well. Well.
Hello, Zoe. Hello, Zoe.
Where is Dad? Where is Dad? Where is his dad?
, at work. In work.
if I survive it... I'll survive...
fuck guys!
the gate opened!The gate was opened!
Kabire, just tell it, just tell it.
it's okay, tell it's okay, tell it's. Tell it.
if I survive it, I'll go to London... And I'll tell Natash that...
what do you tell her? What do you tell her?
tell me it! Tell it!
so, Kabire!
so, Kabire!
do it! Do it!!!
"For a pardon, but I cannot marry you."
If you wear a peaceful in your heart, if you wear your hearts in your heart, you wear your hearts, in your heart, you wear quietly in your hearts,
you're alive. You're alive alive. You're alive alive.
If you wear your dreams in your eyes, you wear your flashlights in your eyes, in the eyes of your dreams, you wear your flashlights in your dreams in the eyes of your dreams,
What is this the tongue to the damn tongue?What is it?What is it for the damn tongue?
I just thought you would like to know you had come boxer and shouldn't talk to another manager.
does not talk to another manager?
came here to tell me that Big Willie doesn't talk to Mickey Mac?
even a word, with no one.
I'm trying to read here.
if you think it's more important. If you think it's more important.
who is your new girl? Who is your new girl?
what? What?
Jesus Christ. Advantage Christ. You successfully succeed.
you spend your time here.
I told you that I was not going to be a girl.
I thought you could think it might think about it.
is a dozen coach who are going to train girls, you shouldn't have trouble finding someone.
when you hit the sculpture, you destroyed the cracked-up.
can you arrange it and awake those people?
, sir, it is broken.
I set the frequency. I set up the frequency.
Alekos, the sun is almost below.
, why did we wake up so late? Why did we wake up?
our tests showed that your body has no machine anymore.
but he will make you a more sympathetic man. But he will make you a more sympathetic man.
, the dog of the storm does not make it more sympathetic.
Want me to be more sympathetic? Do you want me to be more sympathetic?
so return my things.
, then I will be more sympathetic.
, however, not until that time, but not until then.
How can you say not this face, Mitch?
I can say not very lightly. I can say not very lightly.
No, Powderre, Powder.
, fall out.
it's just dog, man. It's just a dog, man.
, Powder, I, Powder, and Powder.
fuck!
perhaps Mitch is right. Mitch might have Mitch's right.
do the dog dove that dog.
This consolidated version is only a informative value.
, this Wratha... should be presented as a feeding of warriors grown in their radio of secret laboratories.
, if I had been able to convert Devetaki to such a measure...
, Maglore had learned many new and also understood Zindevarin's impatience, secretary and why she tried to protect the mind from visitors.
was obvious that she was one of the Devetakin's interviewers about the Wrathina illegal activity.
, however, because Zindevar knew that he was driving one of the two spies in Turgosheim, not as Maglora did not surprise.
, for that purpose, the Commission intends to submit a committee for noise referred to in Article 13 of the Directive, which contains some of the elements below.
If necessary, the Commission will also consider whether it would be necessary, if necessary, the Commission will also consider whether it would give a complaint to the judicial procedure to supplement the active implementation of the activities described below.
completion of the harmonised framework for mapping The improvement of the comparability of the strategic noise mapping is not far from ideal.
is apparent from the ongoing assessment that it is still difficult to submit comparable data on the number of persons exposed to excessive noise levels.
difficulties, inter alia, with different data collection methods, quality and data availability and methods used.
This is the cause of different results in EU Member States.
, in the end, the comparability required will ultimately lead to the harmonisation framework(s) which will sufficiently reflect the sector specifications.
In 2008 the Commission began working on the development of harmonised noise exposure methods (by Article 6(2)).
‘CNOSSOS-EU’ project (Common noise assessment methods) leading to the Joint Research Centre, shall ensure a technical basis for the preparation of the Commission Implementing Decision.
, provided that technical work can be completed in 2011, the Commission considers possible revision of Annex II to the Round Outdoor Directive (the Committee in 2011 gives the opinion on the issue of the opinion).
, Harmonised Methodology could concentrate on strategic mapping and should carefully export the needs of harmonisation and sectoral specifications, e.g. requirements for data requirements.
, in the framework of this Decision, the Commission intends to propose a joint work programme of the Commission/European Environment Agency/Member States targeted at the implementation of the CNOSSOS-EU project for the period 2012-2015 to make this project functional for the third cycle of reporting in 2017.
The development of the EU Guidelines The number of aspects of the Directive has not been detailed or left space for different interpretations and implementation.
Many Member States have proposed that these issues are addressed through a specific action that will help to implement and comply with EU level, e.g. the development of documents with guidance, exchange of information on best practices or organising special workshops and training courses.
such action could be focused on the following issues: the mapping methods and best mapping procedures, forecast values for noise maps, relationships between dose and reaction, calculation of repeated exposure, the creation of action plans and the permissible or target values.
, the Commission of the European Communities shall bear its own costs and costs incurred by Anton Pieter Roodhuijzen in the context of this procedure.
Jaeger Tiili Azizi Meij Vilaras Takhnás ⁇ to announced at the Luxembourg public meeting on 5 October 2009.
. Languages. Languages of the case: French.
Mom is okay.
Good is it. Good is it.
module and classification for use when sending the signed messages signed.
Module of principles: Module of principles:
Classification: Classification:
grade marking:
and he never wanted anything to have with me.
I did not kill him. I did not kill him.
is not the one that he is dead, but it is not you unsustainable that they murdered him.
, the position, in your type of business is a big thing in your type.
in my type of business?
we own a few cleaners.
I don't talk about it, I'm not talking about it.
I speak about drug trafficking. I speak about drug trafficking.
? Shop with drugs? Do drugs?
Huff was killed in the Land of Low-Rider.
I...Low-Rider?
I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I.. myself..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I..
you remember them.
killed a husband. You killed a husband.
Yeah, what's going on, buddy?
you heard of my broken Maserati?
, not, seriously?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
, do you think I could get a lift?
so well, Alex, but I don't have a finger, okay?
already happened. It happened.
, he has no fingerprint.
that must be a terrible balance.
doesn't it bother when I'm going to get it?
, of course, certainly.
Violet Violet. Violet.
Hello. Hello.
, all the best!
, man, I like to hear you. I love to hear you.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
please. Please.
, not a stage where I belong.
this is where I'm thinking about, I'm looking for fun in a non-functioning fun.
Mark Twain said that the incident is a prisoner, freedom, if not her single defenseman.
we're here to shake it, and we're also going to do it. We're also going to do it.
how many of you think the school system works?
I was not learning to read."
you realize that 40% of American maturants think that Johanka was Noem's wife?
so Tom Dobbs gave up President of the United States.
, he wasn't really chosen, but if he didn't tell anyone that way, Tom Dobbs returned to his political show.
was more famous than ever before.
all will write how honest you are, as you are, direct, you are.
I just hope that your honour is not going to be your incompleteness.
: Application of waste in biogas stations: inclusion within the scope of Regulation No 1774/2002 Answer from the Commission (26 August 2011)
E-006645/11 (EL) Michail Tremopoulos (Verts/ALE) to the Commission (7 July 2011)
: Other infringement of religious freedom on Cyprus Answer from the Commission (31 August 2011)
here Frankie...these boy here?
this boy had a million-hour million hour.
I thought you'd play for Red Sox.
Yeah, I also, yeah, I'm also.
still saying that the battles of the rocket hurt him.
you know why?
you know what Tony said to Tony's ball?
I'm gonna tell him about it. I'll tell him it.
, when he had pulled his ties in his hands.
No, it was weaknesses!
And you, be honest. And you, be honest.
you were interested in it as a Mino Mimino.
Frank, you know how alcohol works on you. You know how alcohol works on you.
I'm not going to be a lot of trouble.
that's cool. It's okay.
How are you, Georgi? How do you have? George?
would you go to dinner for dinner?
I don't have no, I don't have. I don't have. I don't have. I don't have.
with some passage, but we can eat with some passage, but eat we can.
whenever? When? When? When?
whenever ever. whenever ever. When anytime.
, tomorrow would be.
triplo Due Due? Triplo Due?
we'll go there.
, but soon, in 18.00.
right. Well, okay.
well. Well.
right. Well, okay.
I agreed to a date.
Hello. Hello.
, Francois and Katherine Coberg seeks to heal his marriage - and your detective here, insult with perversal signs about the ignorance and spying.
that is irresponsible. It is irresponsible.
, the newspapers with the unsubsized creepy-made yarn.
I remind you that the young children are too small.
four and two - a little young to read the newspapers.
, this is your elite unit?
who had sold to the infarction?
, you know your, Mr. Duroy. Goodbye. Goodbye.
, England has Windsor, we have Coberg.
I hope you have more in stock that just a joke.
Katherine and Francois Coberg have been stepped up to a precious divorce due to children.
Cobergova would be a lever thrown some lever.
, Video Katherine, playing three men, it should be enough to play.
but something had been disagreeable and Bernard Lang ended the dead.
what is it? What is it? What is it?
what is happening? What is happening?
it's just stupidity. It's just that stupidity.
on a date?
‘As we have detected, it is not a monolitarian, in essence, more than a bare mechanism, it is only what was programmed to do.
, of course, his programs can have a degree of flexibility, but we have no opportunity to verify it in any way.
, and we certainly have no opportunity to turn to his management body, a half thousand light-year away from us."
listening to the and silent voice, he had not contributed to this debate, and he had said, in truth, he had been completely out of him.
if he hadn't done so and if he'd been a salary alarm, nobody would suffer from it.
, humanity would have lived in a quiet way, whether it's no longer waiting for any irreversible end.
, the slow thoughts still turned his head, when his attention suddenly rising his mind, the familiar wording of the word.
one of the members of the composite, silent boats with so long and complex name that Poole was not able to remember to remember him, let alone two words in the middle of the discussion.
‘Trojskin horse!’ means the Trojskin horse!’
Article 28 of the Charter ensures the right to collective bargaining.
This right is exercised ‘in accordance with Union law’ law’ in accordance with Union law’.
, where the EU law precludes provisions in collective agreements, the national court must not apply that specific provision in so far as it is necessary to remedy the illegality.
, if the Court has held that the EU law precludes the application of the principle of ‘competitive work’ to the child’ contribution to the maintenance allowance, the specific provisions which are set out in the proportionate reduction of that contribution to the staff part-time staff (in the present case of Article 22(4) of the collective agreement in the banking sector) should not apply.
, consequently, the contribution to the child paid in full the extent of Article 22(1) of that Treaty would be paid to the maintenance allowance paid to the child paid in full extent under Article 22(1) of that contract.
, but she was instead hidden. She was instead hidden.
well, while the family hired Barkov to find her and silenced her, - for good time.
, Catherine, listen to the list of Catherine, listen.
trying to find Andreu, yes?
We are almost in Kailue. We are almost in Kailue.
Yeah, yeah, clearly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, clearly.
what? What? What?
Yeah, yeah, come. Come.
came from the forest. It came from the forest.
security areas.
, get a man to the place.
, well, you heard him.
there, there, there, there, there, there.
Danny! Danny!
well, well, well.
happy and cheerful, Dr. Dr. Dr. Lucky and cheerful, Dr. Dr. Dr. Lucky and cheerful, cheerful, cheerful, and cheerful, Dr.
good night. Good night.
, in the centre of Trenton, the crane was set up in the heart of the Trenton.
that's one of my own. I don't care about it.
, that's my grandfather. It's my grandfather.
, not, it's just a book he wrote.
open the open open up.
, do you give us this as seriously, do you give us?
I wanted to congratulate you. I wanted to congratulate you.
I understand that it is what they do to adults.
how did you know it? How did you know?
, I know it for a moment. I know it for a while.
that you decided to stay together is not spoiler.
, if I do not have myllen information, that is, if I do not have myllible information.
if you leave a message to the Razu of the Raian crew, you'll surely get me time."
I wrote everything I remember, how you wanted it."
. "General," I read. "General," I read.
"Be Zennor, or Zennar."
"I never saw it written writing. "I never saw it writing.
I just heard it when he talked to some officer and thought no one heard them."
"What is MortStantor?" said Mortoro?"
"The great military base, perhaps the largest possible military base.
, the ship's nose was impressive, but what we saw was impressive.
, the great limousine, the dust and the stars came for Garth and dared him away.
also a lot of salutation - and they always saluted the first.
I know that it is not too much."
is enough to do this, and I'm just enough to do it."
I translated the paper and stored it. I saved it.
"What further?" "What's going on?"
, this time your daughter will pay for his mistake.
dear, darling, sorry.
I was doing what I could. I did. I did. I did what I could.
Kalam turned his head at each silent sound.
long, the long-length of nose and his hands hung up his hand.
, wait.
, he was a silent grunts of grunts.
"Maybe coooooonec, maybe a roooooooopoase, maybe the tamelto."
again he laughed as if Jack's problems were the most gifted thing he ever heard about.
"But I don't know what happens when - " "But I don't know what happens when - "
"I never know what happens when something happens, is it so?" he interrupted him, who could and he could not have been Speedy Parker.
I didn't say a word about shooting. Just when you stick it. You'll keep it.
I have a problem with spending 10 grand... to get a prison job... but I did it anyway.
only thing I want to do is get to the suitcase... hold this fucking broket and open up, and then I'm going to head with it on the pinky pit.
, I don't think of this shit with the nigram? -What's the cooking.
when we're going to Roscoe restaurant and pay me, we'll go along with Roscoe restaurant and pay me.
, the amazing speciality, a naked mask in a smug with the onion with red beans and reje, a little vegetable.
What the hell is it with you, damn, is it?
Hello, cocoure. Hello, cocoure.
, wait, I'll give you it. I'll give you it.
, Louis, cocoure. This is Ordell. It's Ordell. It's Ordell.
please go to where do I? Nevim? Nevim.
, I'm not sure, I'm not a good-looking.
thanks to the thanks.
please?
... "I beg..."I'm sorry" is an old password.
changed it. Change changed it.
not without passwords. No password is sent.
such rules are those rules.
Tell him what you want. Maybe he's not so drunk to remember it.
I don't want any problems, I don't want any problems.
why would it do it? Why do it? Why would it do it?
that's your plan?
I don't want to spend with you or a moment about these Christmas Christmas Christmas.
if I ever see you with him... I'll see you...
Adame! Adame!
Detective.Detective.
you're back here. You're back. You're back.
two years ago two years ago two years ago two years ago, before two years ago, two years ago, before two years ago, two years ago, before two years ago, before two years ago, before two years ago, before two years ago, before two years ago, the two years ago, washroomed,
I know what you're doing here. I know what you're doing here.
I know about all the disgusting experiments of Rossum.
, that happened to me. I was this.
you're a little superdetective. You're a little superdetective.
people find it. People will find it.
people... do they find out?
Caroline, don't be naive. Caroline, don't be naive.
we both know you can disappear from the surface of the earth, and nobody will notice that you're gone.
you knew that Rossum was the largest world supplier of MRI apparatus?
Gratu ⁇ lí gratu ⁇ í. Gratu ⁇ lí. Gratu ⁇ í. Gratu ⁇ í gratu ⁇ í.
who is interested in?
we also make great progress in research parkinson and alzheimera research.
we develop the latest atomic microcopy atomá microscopy.
, we have a clinical laboratory in every capital in the world.
I would like to point out in the context of the precautionary principle that the application of the right to be heard and the right to the fair process and the principle of contradictory proceedings is determined by the nature of the procedure and their scope does not depend on the required level of prudentiality.
‘Special’ problem 97.
Parties to the appeal submit essentially that the Court of First Instance did not properly assess the evidence submitted to the recovery of the Commission’s conclusion that there was no specific problem for the Horni Austria.
I was very sad, too tight to amuse me to really enjoy it.
is that much he is spending," Jacob said.
"These one party of stupid wolves who doesn't care if something happens to them."
Jacob laughed his coughing puppy.
, Edward sighed.
"Jasper wants to help help.
is you going to be without interpreter?"
I will advise myself."
, Edward looked at me a moment, his expression was hard to understand, then turned back and went to the place where Jasper waited.
, the land was cold and unsuitable.
Jacob made a step forward, then looked back at me, and he heard a quiet fact that he had heard.
made another half-cross.
"Go here without me," I said. "I was driving him," I said.
"I don't want to watch me."
(c) official orders adversely affecting the date of completion, other than the failure to comply with the contractor’s obligations;
(e) any suspension of work which is not due to the failure to comply with the contractor’s obligations;
(f) greater power; (f) a higher power;
(g) any other causes listed in these general conditions which are not caused by the failure to comply with the contractor’s obligations.
sudden worsening of your overall health condition in the neck or burning in the urination of severe stomach pain, fever and possibly diarrhoea (in the blood-showering) – signs of the intestinal inflammation (neutropenic colitis)
lung (founded) with symptoms such as: breaththe hard cough fever fever's breath, a tiny lung (founded)
 ⁇   ⁇  If you suffer from lung failure or you suffered in the past of lung failure due to treatment of other or exposure treatment, you have a higher risk of developing serious pulmonary problems (interstitial pulmonary disease).
other adverse reactions include:
Very common  ⁇   ⁇  Very common  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ 
overall feeling of weakness and tiredness and tiredness.
this may be a decrease in the number of red blood cells (humania).
"But do I see you quite good with him?"
This definition also applies: the following definitions apply:
’s general authorisations” means a legal framework established by a Member State in accordance with this Directive which guarantees the right to ensure the provision of electronic communications services and which provides for specific obligations for that area which may apply to all or to certain types of networks and services of electronic communications networks.’
Article 3(2) is added to the new subparagraph of Article 3(2):
‘Transmission services providing cross-border electronic communications services to undertakings in more Member States are not required to submit more than one notification for each Member State concerned.’
Article 5 shall be replaced by the following:
‘Article 5 Right to use radio frequencies and numbers 1.
Member States shall facilitate the use of radio frequencies under general authorisations.
, where necessary, Member States may grant individual rights to use in order to: prevent harmful interference; ensure technical quality of the service; ensure efficient use of spectrum or to fulfil other objectives of general interest set by Member States in accordance with Community law.
I've got enough! I've got it! I've got enough!
I will not move with it. I will not move with it.
, call them to call them if you want.
calm down.
, it's just a moment. It's just a moment.
you stupid shit!!Oh, you stupid guys!
s with Michelle?
, to show it, quickly.
I was not going to be a metro wouldn't work this.
, give him a hand-out. Give him it to him.
, it is a big contract in a big contract.
was it so heavy? Was it so heavy?
where are you going? Where do you go?
you have my sweater on you. You have my sweater.
should I return it to you?
Article 3 Common provisions Article 32 Session 1.
Kelly laughed as he returned inside.
washed in ten minutes and took over and dressed up into the trunk and the crash of the cliffs.
he took place to the highest bridge and watched Rosena as he prepared his ship to discharge.
, indeed, Chirurg actually made Kelly's impression, especially by treating the ropes.
"When you leave the fans running a little longer than you're going to the engines," Kelly said, when Rosen started.
"It is a diesel."
"Is it her, clear, first of all, clear?
, second, it is a good habit of the other.
next ship you need to drive may be on petrol.
, you think, apart from you. You think, apart from you.
... Give yourself a couch.
you should, Russell, you should, Russell.
, move it.
I tried. I tried with the dates of the ride, not even moving.
, the tens of teams come from around the world.
so that you would rather help me find a killer Lieutenant Seabrook.
No. No, it is not possible. No, it is not possible. No. No, it is not possible.
this is a definitively yellow light. It is a definitively yellow light.
test Cytology will last 72 hours, but...
Dr. House obtained his results in ten minutes. He received his results in ten minutes.
Tony! Tony!
what are you doing here? What do you do here?
Oh, well, I was near, and I thought you'd be here, uh, let you leave.
you found it. You found it.
I also fandz Vikings! I also fandz Vikings!
I have a purple-slat blood.
if you tell me that something you feel about a woman who's not your wife, I'll pull you out and kick your ass out and kick your ass.
, second, not.
I can't wait until I've been saying it. I've got it to repair it. I've got it. I've got it to repair it.
Essie nodded.
"Do you give me a hand, Essie Tregowan?"
, and he pulled the arm to her arm to her.
was a pihous, and though Essi's eyes were not too long, she saw the fog on the back of the hand every orange chuckle in the afternoon sun.
, the mercury bit into the lips.
, then, the hand had put into his palm into his palm.
when they found it, even though the body had had already been dead and only half of the lans were empty.
my man... my man...
he kept his weapons in the walls in the walls.
I can show you it to show you.
I never broke into employment... ...but the desperate situation asks desperate actions... ...but desperate actions...
, the poets are such neopatrical...
I say that this "Greezer from the bay" should give this to the urban salary tape on the urban premises.
, give him a office, a servant car... ...and all the ammunition, the munition, the service car needs.
more than what can be said... ...and all those people on the radnice.
Hello, Debro. Hi, Debro.
maybe we could... ...to repeat it.
what about the real date of real?What do the real date?
it sounds good what, Saturday, what do you think?
well. Well.
Every god has chosen from human race one who had enjoyed it.
and when they still left the people who had no god, they had gone from themselves and said, "Go for UL, let him be your god."
and UL was silent.
after long and bitterness filled by the generation, the men of the Generation were not God, after the wild rust of the West, the margins of their prosperous.
, then there was a fair and honorable man named Gorim.
he accumulated representatives and spoke to them as follows:
our children and old men die. Our children and older are dying.
will be better when only one of us die.
Stay here on the beach and relax here and relax here.
I will look for God on behalf of the UL, so that we can honor it and find their place in this world."
was looking for Gorim UL for twenty years, but overarmon, but overarmon.
, he was still looking for him, but he was still looking for a further effort.
, the girl straight from NYU-- (NY University) brought the chilli and caused all food poisoning.
, you know, people were vomiting all days.
... Adam has a few ideas to increase the amount of funds.
, really? Are you really doing?
Yes, I...
I heard you struggle with this little bit.
, Momentually, Momenturally.
Yeah, but it's a impression.
and you know how the impressors become realistic in big inspires.
Adam made a piece of work for me when I first ran, and I thought it could do the same now here.
I think, if you can handle the two agreed two.
I'm just here to help... and not you knelt into the way.
, the Republican money is the Republican money.
you don't know this. You don't know this. You don't know.
I know that I know that. I know that.
we won!We won!
you owe me 2,000 piastras.
I am that I am. I.
Ok Ok Ok. Ok.
he was a terrible, real monster.
, the bruised.
, damn, excuse me, forgive me.
they go after you will go after you.
know that? Do you know it? Do you know it?
what did you do? What did you do? What did you do?
Paolo said that Blomkust contacted him to join you.
what do you have together with what do you have? What do you have? What do you have?
I must go. I must go.
I have to finish something. I have to finish something.
was there a lady here. There was a lady here. There was a lady here.
, Blonde, but she left her way.
, you can tear it out of the salary, 50 weeklylyly.
what is happening? What is happening?
We got a better offer? Do we get a better offer?
I don't know how to tell you, but wait until I sit down. I'm sitting down.
well, as the reporter that belongs to them, no one is. No one is.
why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not?
I mean, if I'm concerned about me. I'm not asking if I'm concerned. I'm not asking me if I'm concerned.
you want to look at them? Do you want to look at them?
What do it from the negative of a serious enlargement of the gifts?
6 On this basis and with the Commission's mandate, the European Commission has drawn up a European standard for standardisation of the European Harmonised Standard EN 71-3 , Safety of toys ⁇ 
(hereinafter referred to as "EN 71-3 ⁇ ), which derives the limit values of biological availability from the "migration values" for materials of toys and describes the procedure allowing their determination.
, the limit values of migration indicate the maximum permissible quantity of chemicals that can migrate, thus switch from the product to the external environment, for example to penetrate into the skin or digestive juice.
, it took the view that each curve is approaching an endless number."
Daniel took the Leibnize klace and pulled into the sheets of the curve.
"I don't really want to deny knowledge, but this extended his understanding, because it gave him a way to calculate each point in which the dot affects the line."
, in addition to the line curve, to touch the lightly touch at one point.
, four horses were shaped, four horses were moving forward in front of the car-broke, nervously around the pile of the troops.
Daniel and Leibniz had left them into the gap, and the carriage of the water from the floor, Leibniz's pictographers and Daniel's curves in the strange channel network and then sailed them away.
"When some of our work should be longer than this," Daniel said sadly.
Leibniz laughed - and then, together with the word, they walked another hundred yards.
I thought Newton was only in the alkymium," Leibniz said Leibniz.
"We'll make it to Oldenburg, Compstock or I'll make a paper of paper from our mathematics."
might be a pressure, too," Leibniz said Leibniz.
"When you return, Huygens will take care of it."
Leibniz shook his throat as if Huygens sat on his neck and he needed to rid him.
"I was well done by the time of the time of the time of the time-barred me.
, but if it can just ask me questions that had already resolved some English, it means that mathematics do not know more than me."
so about seven and a half, eight, eight.
the body’s progression suggests that the body was not moved.
so why do you stand? - excuse her? - excuse her. -Forgive her? -Forgot yourselves.
for the purposes of granting refunds in the event of exportation of airlines, the following specific provisions shall apply:
The competent authorities may confirm the control copy of the T5 or the national document showing that the product has left the customs territory of the Community only after the presentation of a transport document which indicates the final destination outside the Community customs territory.
(b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b)
If, after the formalities referred to in point (a) that products remained, except for the case of force during transhipment to one or more airports in the customs territory of the Community more than 28 days, the period of 28 days shall be considered to be exceeded for the purposes of Article 47 per day or days which exceed 28 days exceeded the period laid down in Article 7.
Where the period of 60 days referred to in Article 7(1), the period of 28 days fixed in that letter is exceeded, the amount which is reduced by the refund or part of the security which falls within the amount corresponding to the higher of those two exceeds.
(c) (c) (c) (c)
the provision of that paragraph is subject to reasonable random checks which the paying agency is carried out by the paying agency.
d) (d)(d)(d)(d)
period 28 days fixed in point (b) shall not apply if the products concerned leave definitively customs territory of the Community within the original period of 60 days.
Article 11 1.
Article 412a of Regulation (EEC) No 2454/93 is released in a Member State of export of the product under the importation of a Community control certificate for the transport of goods or in wholesale containers under Articles 412 to 442a of Regulation (EEC) No 2454/93 to be carried out in the railway station destination or by the beneficiaries outside the customs territory of the Community, the refund is not subject to the submission of a control statement of T5.
do not use the expiry date specified on the EXP vial after EXP.
you need to take a piece from Don's docrus from Don's docrub.
what you can take home and you can take.
, Nikam's nicest I'm not going anywhere.
Give me 10 minutes and I'll be ready for the second round.
we paid TV on today's daytime TV.We subscribe to the TV.
you like boxing, do you like box, do you like box, that?
, take me.
should the knowledge of the knowledge include Ricky?
I would wait to wait with this. I would wait.
the first impression is very important. The first impression is very important.
I would like to save Ricky in this process at later.
Ok Ok Ok. Ok.
so, tell me about those pairs.
I say they are administrative, I say they are looking for. I say they are looking for.
Lavender's Lavender here are Lavender.
IMPLEMENTATION OF THE SECURIT AND TAM JE ODPOWS.
some of the pains were gone, even though he still had a shiny shudder in his head.
only he wanted was sleepy was sleepy. He was the only one he wanted was sleep.
"Is it all the clock going wrong?"
I'm afraid that yes, Sibylo."
"So I jump out and wait there for him. "I'll wait for him.
I'll prepare him a book," said Lady Sibyla.
"It's not permissible to keep him, you know."
I understand," said Mysula, nodding.
"In the lower part of the valley, the situation in the lower part of the valley may be very-" her man, but the woman immediately prepared him to see him as he fell silent.
six minutes six minutes was six.
was a very weak, bubble of the loose, and he came from Elanium's trousers from Elanium's trousers.
after a moment he needed to find where his head and where trousers, moving his hands and after a short effort, he pulled iPaco out of his pocket.
in all agreements listed in Annex I shall be references to air carriers or airlines of a Member State which is party to the Agreement, shall be deemed to be references to air carriers or airlines designated by that Member State.
Article 2 Determination, authorisations and repealing 1.
Article 3 and 4 of this Article shall be preceded by the provisions of Articles referred to in points (a) and (b) of Annex II concerning the determination of air carriers concerned by the Member State concerned, their authorisations and authorisations granted by Nepal and refusal, the withdrawal, temporary withdrawal or restriction of the authorisation or authorisations granted to airlines.
, he was a good man. It was a good man.
, but then his wife had illured his wife.
, she just didn't last it anymore.
, and then he was never the same.
, when the Sucheé summer came and all the other hungry, he swore that he would do anything to keep us alive.
and he could. - I return for Addy. - I return for Addy.
, Mack, Mack.
Garnette, don't try to stop me.
one is trying to stop you.
we'll go there all. We'll go there all.
, we just need a plan just need to be a plan.
you don't understand it!
they are worse than Ze ⁇ ek!
all kill you all will kill you all!
I'll tell her that she never forgive her that she'd brought me up.
, and he owes me 20 stickers to me.
, Nash, Mr. Nash, Mr...
General Richter, Sir, General Richter, Sir.
would you accept the invitation to fight them in order to fight them here, and you wouldn't have to fight us here and you wouldn't come to us for dinner?
, I don't think it's good...
Close your fatty dense mouth!
, I would be honored, dinner with such a small patriot as you are you.
I bought it wine from some vandrák at the airport.
, Black Baronne, you have the Black Baron.
Yeah, I hear clearly, I hear. I hear.
this autopilot is a very great deal of great.
, the car landing car landing.
, the car landing car landing.
Beetle Bailey is a lazy way looks like?
I visited the Vatican several times during my stay in Rome.
, the artistic collection is how you can imagine, quite stunning and my wife is intensely dealing with this intensely.
I took it there about five times.
, all around the city, the lakes and priests are lining and priests.
I would admit that I never took care of security measures, but nothing happened to me in the eyes, when we have taken normal procedures - the measures against theft and vandalism and so similar.
then there are museum watchers, who are interested in worrying mainly to show people where toiletries are.
I can't do that I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that.
I can't change anything at all. I can't change anything at all.
? Hey, guys, what should it be?
not. No. No. No.
what is happening? What is happening?
Henry, correct it. Henry, correct it.
all the way it was. You write everything as it was.
, without an inkuster, there is nothing to write without an inkuster.
has blood has blood. It has blood.
Yes, when darkness in her, but here the spasiser is not in it.
, for him, because of him.
, but that doesn't mean there's no other one else.
, Mom. - No! - No!
, thanks to the Regina's heroic victim, Isaac's crimes were made by the acts of the deceased.
Henry? Henry?
Nancy Callahanová, eleven years old.
, the rape of it and the desire to be unrecognised.
and your mission was going to be here, when Rook would be long ago back at his paperroom Senator.
, Hartigane, Hartigane, Hartigane.
, calm yourself and start thinking about.
you will be in the sixth and you have a sick heart.
, Mr. I.
, cat, he cannot be approved by the chuckle.
not in my kitchen! No in my kitchen!
but yeah, yeah. But yeah.
just get rid of it, gold, gold.
, it's pretty much smelled.
from the cat from that cat.
, the cat thinks we die in the house here in the house we die hunger.
what? What? What?
, really? Are you really?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Good food and so.
it was my moments...
I woke up with a letter of excreted to my care.
, don't you know, we're going to be a good dealer.
Dia invited to banquet and then tried to get a human meat.
Zeus was destroying his lightning. And then he punished Lycaon and his sons by turning them into the wolf.
what is less known is that Lycaon sought the druids to help him move back to the man.
why don't the druids? Why don't the druids? Why don't you?
, it believed that the satellite could transform the satellite could transform.
they could not be able to make people from Lycaon and his sons again, but they learned them how to move from one form to another.
so, the druid had become important soupers with the scholars of the packets.
help us maintaining a connection with people.
, but the secret is even in the pack.
Sometimes Alpha knows who their emisar is.
Alf for the pack of the Alf.
Our educational adviser?Our educational adviser?
I shared a few seriously intimate things with her. I shared it a few seriously intimate things.
and gave you a good advice to the Council?
, now, we can't offer him, but today, we can't just offer it.
, would you excuse me for a moment?
I need to talk to my sister.
excuse me.
Tell me that he doesn't talk about what I think he's talking about.
what do you think he speaks about?
, the impotent bull masturbation of impotent bull.
so what do you think, doctors?
, I got a message of the car, that some sheep fell into the lake and a terrible rapidly decreased fast.
simply is smaller and smaller and smaller.
, go look here.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
you'll rather find someone or get a fucked ass.
I guess how much the sheep can diminish.
so, um, how do you begin here?
Learning Sil? Learning Sil?
you are a counselor, aren't you?
I still have to train.
What can you learn about what you haven't learned in the past 300 years?
, as the unjustly unbrecognized how to unlock the head.
, and so, likewise, so.
why do you actually stand on your head? Why do you actually stand on your head?
Emony did it.
, that gymnastka?
she was slowly eating it.
and you are? Are you?
I'm right from this painful head of the head of this. After truth, I am afraid of the headache.
why can he do Julian? Why can he do Julian?
Julian is not advisor, nor assistant adviser.
, and certainly, it is not reasonably not to be on the head.
this is a good note. It's a good note.
I don'tvi, what the hell you talk about, brother.
I need to name those fuckers, right now!
wait, wait! Wait!! Wait!!
Marlone, stop!
Marlone, it's a Polish! It's a cop!
Marlone, it's a Polish! It's a cop!
, hey!
, get up the black ass up.
fuck, J- Dube, so you're on a youth?
Hey, Lopezi, what do you do here to hell do, man?
Why do you look around my informant, without knowing about it?
, I see that J- Dub is your informer, but it is also Lord and we're running time.
we need the names of those shooters and I'm ready to do things that you don't.
, like what? What?
I'm also rush. I'm also rush.
(b) 5 % of the number of producers concerned, in the case of Article 11(3)(b)(b)(b) of Article 11(3)(b).
check is considered to be closed at the time the corresponding control report is available.
each customer shall be checked at least once every five years.
Article 13 Approval of the sampling holder 1.
, in order to enable the customer to operate in the territory of a Member State, that Member State must approve it.
where the debt of the taxable person is obligatory to be taxable against a body which has no seat in Portugal or another Member State of the Union with which a taxable person has special relations under the definition contained in Article 58(4), excessive, are not excessive for the purposes of determining the taxable profit of interest relating to part considered excessive.
when someone needed me, I sent him a vision, helped him to help him.
I was like human television. I was a human television. I was a human television.
you are a holy patron of television?
, I was quite employed by it.
know? Do you know?
, there you can do what you like upstairs. You can do what you like.
just here you have to spend your efforts here down here. You just have to spend your efforts.
was not hit on the Holy Maureen?
long here was not here long.
nothing tells me that. Nothing tells me it's not.
, then, there is an endless endless.
, Absolutely damned infinite infinitely.
's listen to Dad Dad, listen to Dad. Listen, listen to Dad. Listen, listen to Patatatatat.
also what is it?What is it?
What do you do with all the boxes?What do you do with all boxes?
storage, use, treatment and disposal of Topotecan Hospira Treatment Toxican Hospira
Show Before opening: Keep in the refrigerator (2 ⁇ C-8 ⁇ C).
protect your freeze before freezing.
. Maintain the vial in the box to protect the product from light.
Topotecan Hospira 4 mg/4 ml concentrate should be prior to administration of a patient to the end concentration of 25-50 micrograms/ml.
adjusted sodium chloride solution for injection 9 mg/ml (0.9%) or glucose solution 50 mg/ml (5 %).
parenteral preparations should be visually checked before the presence of particles and colour change (reference).
This topotecan Hospira is yellow to yellow-yellow solution for injection.
 ⁇  1.5 x 109/l, platelet count  ⁇  100 x 109/l, platelet count  ⁇  100 x 109/l and haemoglobin levels  ⁇  9g/dl (if necessary).
, the neutropenia and thrombocytopenia should be counted with neutropenia and thrombocytopenia.
: Ovarial cancer and malobous lung cancer starting dose: 1.5 mg/ m2 body surface/day administered intravenous infusion for 30 minutes five consecutive days with interval 3 weeks to start the next cycle.
it was hard for you to be hard for you.
yes, but it would be right, surely yes, but it would be right, surely.
, and now this is now. Now, this is what this.
Admitted my frightful sympathy, Mrs Appleby.
will you be home if we need you?
needed? Do they need?
, yes, such is the law.
, the lawyer of your man was informed of your man.
will arrive from London from London in the morning.
your man was rich, that?
probably yes, probably. As you can.
, now it is all yours now. Now everything is yours.
I think, but it was meant to be Penny.
Yes. Yes.
? Request the representative to join me?
However, in the context of the case-law, the fact that the 3F in the action for annulment of the contested decision challenged the justification of the contested decision is that the criterion of an active legitimacy under the Plaumann judgment must be applied.
we had two things to good: nobody knew where we were and where we were eating.
I was talking... - Listen, boy. Listen, boy.
I, of course, I want you to go to go, if he is spending you this.
I always wanted to travel, but I didn't have the opportunity to travel, but I didn't have the opportunity.
, the East coast of the East coast, we do not need to do so.
that's a guy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy.
just... just as he looked, when... ...there was... ...there was... ...there was...
what? What? What?
I warn you. I warn you. I warn you. I warn you. I warn you.
, let it do not do it.
I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it.
? - Yeah. - Yeah.
? - Yeah. - Yeah.
, Louise.
what do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do?
," she said, "Sasha's shrieking," she said.
Orson had been fired shortly by Orson.
. Chapter 34 The nights of the night we packed the dead of the monkeys into the liner's liner.
I was a dead body of Carl Scorsoa, almost awaiting that he sat down suddenly and seated after me.
he had to drive you back here. He should have left you back here.
! Rabbit wants you more than me.
he had not yet called his eyes.
, therefore, we have time for the time.
what time do we have?What are we time?
, because it is suicide because it is suicide.
God, my children. Gordon. Gordon.
that is true, that is true.
, before you arrived, we were safe. We were safe.
how many mothers of a bag in the cables?
and has a false number on the car?
, I knew that this day comes once again.
you knew it since you settled here, and every day you were lying here to your family, not me.
Carrie Hopewell was not able to exist in the unfinished.
What you would like to do. What would you still want.
there are a lamp on the furniture, back on the court of the cemetery and... ... the fugitives on lamps.
well, well, well.
Can we have a chance-driven generator and... where is it a cellar?
somewhere here must be the door... somewhere... ...here here... ...here here. Here.
somewhere in the rooms. Somewhere in the rooms.
we are not in the network until tomorrow.We are not in the network until tomorrow.
, great. Great.
you want home, Wanda?
remember, Whitaker saw something... something totally disposed of it.
Wanda, will you help me with this?
I think I heard something, some sounds like sounds. I think I heard something, some sounds.
, go, it's the old place. It's old place.
, no, it was something else.
was like... ...beeking or something. It was like... ...to be a baking or something.
, creating a legal and fiscal environment, which is favourable for businesses In order to use our businesses all opportunities offered by the Single Market, including freedom of establishment, the rules on which the Single Market is based, simple, customised and must be consistent with the problems encountered by undertakings in everyday activities.
measures proposed in this Section are amongst others with a reduction in administrative and regulatory burden, with positive impacts on growth and job creation[17].
in this framework will be adopted by a very specific initiative to ensure mutual link between business registers and mutual recognition of electronic identification and authentication in the European Union.
also questions of fiscal matters are also essential.
, the tax authorities or VAT authorities should reduce administrative burden on undertakings and facilitate their cross-border activities.
, in addition, special attention to the defence and security sector is deserved, as they encourage development and growth throughout the economy, as a result of their high-technology, innovation and know-how.
19 : The Commission will adopt initiatives to improve the coordination of national fiscal policies, in particular the proposal for a directive to create a common consolidated basis for taxation of companies (SKZS) in 2011.
between 27 existing national tax systems in the EU have a large difference, creating significant fiscal barriers to cross-border activities of companies, or even preventing that activity.
such fragmentation leads to a significant market disturbance and the cost of putting into conformity with the rules.
, in particular, SMEs often come to the necessary means of overcoming these deficiencies, and it can be deferred from developing on the single market.
, the introduction of a common consolidated basis of taxation companies has to address the problem of fiscal provisions which limit growth.
companies should only manage fiscal matters in fiscal matters only a single set of rules and should act only with one fiscal management throughout the EU (‘unite contact point’).
should be consolidated at the level of the group and losses should be deducted from profits irrespective of the border.
’s double taxation or double exemption due to differences or incompatibility between national fiscal regulations would be excluded in relations within groups.
, uncoordinated national measures would only be reproduced by the current situation, since companies would still be confronted with a so many fiscal systems, how many States in which those companies operate.
107 In this context, it should be noted that Article 2(1) of Regulation No 1515/2001 provides that, if the resolution authority adopts a report concerning non-contractive measures, the Council may, if it deems appropriate, annul or amend the contested measure or take other appropriate specific measures to take account of the legal interpretations in it formulated.
, in recital 5 of that Regulation, the EU institutions may consider appropriate to revoke or amend measures taken under the basic Regulation, including those not subject to dispute resolution proceedings within the framework of the memorandum to the rules and procedures governing disputes settlement, or take other specific measures taking into account the legal interpretation contained in the report adopted by the resolution authority.
Second, as the applicant rightly observes, the provisions of EU law must be interpreted as far as possible in the light of international law, in particular where the objective of those provisions is to implement an international agreement concluded by the Community, such as that in the case of the basic Regulation adopted to comply with international commitments arising from the anti-dumping Agreement (see recital 3 of the preamble to the basic Regulation).
– The Coursesman supplemented the author of the opinion.
– In its judgment of 19 July 2012, ebookers.com Deutschland (C ⁇ 112/11), the Court stated that the optional surcharge ‘related to the services which merely add the aerial service itself and are not required for the transport of passengers or cargo or the obligatory or even necessary, so that the customer is to decide either to accept them or reject them’ (paragraph 14).
– It is clear from the observations of the General Court of First Instance, in the light of the observations, and the General Court of First Instance, in the case of the observations.
, the principle of prudentialness provides the Community legislators, in particular, broader but not unlimited discretion.
, in exercising that extended powers, the alleged risk is not only hypothetical.
I said apologized to him: "I tried to stop it, my lord, but she insisted that she must here."
we went to the eye. We went to the eye.
was the sexual activity of a lot of living?
it was really something. It was really something. It was really something.
that is enough to me. I do that is enough.
people can get a dead guy in sex with sex?
almost never. Scoreboard never.
so is it my own command?
we used condom. We used our condom.
so many questions.
if you could answer any of them, you would not be fascinating.
I understand, you're quite a croche, aren't you?
your wife is the one who gets you out of it.
your wife and your wife and me.
, even though, moreover, MRI was more useful than four hours of holding hands.
I think. I think. I think.
if you had a wife, you would know why it depends on it.
you're a good guy. You're a good guy.
Lehace speaks with you with Lehace.
, wait, something happens.
what is going on? What is it going on? What is it going on?
, why should he seizure? Why should he be seizure? Why should he seizure?
why do you still throw a guy? Why do you throw it?
you thought I was dead.
, the applicant stated that new product types, such as the overlined plate consisting of wooden leaves, each of which each has a thickness of not more than 6 mm, at least one external layer of bintangor, ed canarium, kedondong or some other species, not covered by a permanent filmm.
This products should be included in the scope of the measure in question, as they have the same physical and chemical characteristics and final uses as a product covered by the existing measures.
, the product concerned and the new product types should therefore be considered as a single product.
I realized that rather than in those conditions, it would be better to play certainty and even the most promising one would disappear from here.
I got a lot of experience as it goes here, and next time I'll have a far better chance.
so well... well...
shapes, the sky shade overhead, and the shadows lost something from their uniqueness.
the flames around me began to fade me.
well. Well.
clouds appeared on the sky.
, the Committee, the Committee.
behind the cloud race began to form a light-figure drive.
, great. Great.
when the clouds had been shrinking, the sky again glowed the sun.
I was looking at and surprised that I still was still pursued by the pursuit of the next time.
, however, it could be a misinterpreting of the essential characteristic of their shadow extract.
is never good to suppose you were taking care of everything when you push you time.
so... So...
TG/63/6 of 24.3.1999 Rheum rhabarbarum L.
TG/62/6 of 24.3.1999 Scorzoneera haispanica L.
Mord of Spanish or black root TG/116/3 of 21.10.1988 The notification of these general principles is available on the International Union website for the protection of new plant variety (www.upov.int).
Jesus Christ. What is it? What's going on?
, it is an ununderstanding.
will you keep the dense? Do you still hold the dense?
I tell you something. NTL owe us 300 litres.
don't mind what you say because, otherwise we'll throw it out of the window.
, take him out. Well.
so, man, slowly!
! It's high! It's high! It's high! It's high! It's not high!
just so. Well, so. Well, so.
you will be on all bands. Please!
Pom ⁇ c!!!
is very noise, birds are repaying...
I don't think you can drown me.
, when you want to fish, you must catch birds from them both sides.
should know how to be quiet.
who the hell is it? Who the hell is it? Who the hell is it?
what hand? What do hand? What do you hold a hand?
I can do it well with it. I can do it with her.
, shoot!!Oh, go, go, go, go, and you'll be a good job!
when do you finally learn to believe, father, who will be?
Irving had not been the same way as Irving had not been the same as Irving had been the same way.
I'm going to go with him, but I have one condition. I'm going to be with him, but I'm going to have one condition.
that you will be those at the meeting."
his face was lit up in a smile from his ear to ear, and his face was blurred in her smile.
"You are a real friend, Blake."
further updates should be updated on the two entities listed in Annex II to Regulation (EU) No 36/2012.
Regulation (EU) No 36/2012 should therefore be amended accordingly, HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION: Article 1 Annex II to Regulation (EU) No 36/2012 is amended in accordance with the Annex to this Regulation.
Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on the date of publication in the Official Journal of the European Union .
This Regulation is binding throughout the scope and directly applicable in all Member States.
, Brussels on 26 September 2014.
, Pentola sent Kylov's Day-dog.Dana's Day.Dana sent Kylovy's Day.Dana's Day.Dana sent Kylovy's Day.
she wants me to come to L.A. and went in her talk-show.
I never spoke to me. Even though I wish to wish to be a true repeated.
, but it does not make any sense, because even looking at it through the fingers.
God, give the peace with that peace.
, I think your mother's beer is not surprised that your mother drinks.
? We should go. We should go. We should go.
I think you should prefer to drag trousers.
Articles 26 to 32 shall apply, in accordance with Annex X to Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004.
( 5 ) The subparagraphs referred to in Annex XI to Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 except for changes in point 11.1 (Historical Financial Data).
: EN Official Journal of the European Union L 150/66 COMMISSION IMPLEMENTING REGULATION (EU) No 487/2012 of 7 June 2012 concerning the registration of the name in the register of protected designations of origin and protected geographical indications (Tomate La Ca ⁇ ada (PGI))
EUROPEAN COMMISSION, Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, Having regard to Council Regulation (EC) No 510/2006 of 20 March 2006 on the protection of geographical indications and designations of origin for agricultural products and foodstuffs ( 1 ) , and in particular the first subparagraph of Article 7(4) thereof, Whereas:
Application for registration of the name ‘Tomate La Ca ⁇ ada’ was published in accordance with the first subparagraph of Article 6(2) of Regulation (EC) No 510/2006 in the Official Journal of the European Union ( 2 ) .
, since no objection has been notified to the Commission pursuant to Article 7 of Regulation (EC) No 510/2006, that name must be entered in the register, HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:
Article 1 The name set out in the Annex to this Regulation shall be entered in the register.
Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on the twentieth day following the publication in the Official Journal of the European Union .
This Regulation is binding throughout the scope and directly applicable in all Member States.
in Brussels on 7 June 2012.
my phone might be called to death.My phone might be called to death.
Michigan University wants to organize debate with us.
so, as well as the South Methodist, as well as Georgian, where is Mr Low?
and when do a number of me come to me?
before you think, James, before you think, before you think you think.
whenever? When? When? When?
when you're ready when you're ready.
see how good is our son?
he knows what it is for his mother to live still alone for his mother. He knows how it is always to live for his mother.
nobody visits it...
So the dead woman gave you a cabin to the room of the cart?
, of course, that not. Of course not.
, I think it needed help to help.
, someone who would publish it.
, a German case-law dedicated to a case.
, some people who could believe who could have believed.
What is behind the hole. What is it for the hole.
, the guy is crazy.
is a hard-fanatic, which has already been slave to many cases.
, you know what, the original plan was supposed to be published by the Gale Casset after the Galele Certificate.
, you know, after year or so something.
would have him out, and he would still return his dignity.
so Dusty Wright is sitting on the cart, waiting for the prize.
, and it is the only one who knows about it.
, so old Dusty starts to think that one wrong correction is more useful than rescue for the last minute.
Member State cannot therefore manage its internal tax system, in particular as regards direct taxes, without information originating in other Member States.
to remove adverse effects of this phenomenon is inevitable to develop between Member States' tax administrations new administrative cooperation.
The instruments needed to establish the trust between Member States by setting the same rules, obligations and rights for all Member States.
returned to Diagoras sword to the mud and wiped the palm into the red cloak.
"The power," he said.
Certa nodded to him, and Certo nodded to him.
"You have been undergonely in the paste. "You have been undervalued it.
they seem to be crossing through us."
"We'd have to give up," he whispered behind their back of Oras and he'd been wondering how he had been in his eyes shielding the sweat.
"I don't think it's too probable," Certak said.
"I admit that it is a pleasant thought."
, the biker dismounted the riddle of the black ridge and tied to a number of Drenays.
, Drus and waited for Drus, waiting for Drus's side and waited.
, he pulled the burdens just before both men and leaned back on the saddle of the saddle.
, "Druss?" he said.
"Is it you?" "Is it you?"
, Druss looked carefully at the frozen features and silver-moved dark hair, spilled into two long-description coaches.
"Without in Skeln, Bodasene," he said, uninterrupted the warrior with the axe.
If you have Inflectra during pregnancy, your child may have higher risk of infection.
is important that you doctor and other doctor have advised the use of Inflectra before any vaccine (see section of vaccination).
management of transport resources and machines It is unlikely that Inflectra should affect your ability to manage transport resources, use machines or machines.
If you feel dizziness after the administration of Inflectra, do not drive or operate any device or machines.
Inflectra contains sodium This product contains less than 1 mmol (23 mg) sodium at one dose, i.e. essentially ‘no sodium’ is ‘no sodium’.
Gareth, I know I knew I was known as not a notorical katholic and that nobody in the court believed to me even a word but Charlie Burke was there-- it is not just a fertiliser of my fantasies.
, sorry.
, the old Victorian fortress for the most dangerous crimes to the wing with maximum secured by the highest collateral.
instead of birth, the place of birth is born.
Belfast, Belfast.
so you're British. So you're British.
this is your home to the end of life.This is your home to the end of life.
, here, here, here, here.
, Barker gave us blue uniforms with yellow stripes with yellow stripes.
was the category A-- the highest security, together with violators and murderers and murderers.
my dad said that we would fight for appeal but I didn't want to hear about the right or heard.
Come to me. Come to me.
so go, Gerry, so go, Gerry.
Hey, Ronnie, Ronnie.
Irish snus, Ireland's nuns.
you wondered what else would have done if they knew you stole my chip and killed two my people.
my company's future is in the hands of a stolen product in the hands of a stolen product.
you swore that Vergis won't come to it.
on MCP? Are you going to MCP?
he knows about it. He knows he knows about it.
I'm here to buy Capric Buká Bucháras. I'm here to buy Capricá Bucháras.
, it's your dream. It's your dream is yours.
I have to destroy your dream.
Welcome to New Cap City.
What is the goal of this game? What is the goal of this game?
this is mysterious of mystery.
I thought my daughter was gone forever. I thought my daughter was gone forever.
Tamara sent me to Tamara.
he is in V-World and he cannot get away.
my daughter is dead. My daughter is dead.
is very big. It is very big. It is very big.
what model is it model?What is it model?
, in order to avoid cases in the supportive protection scheme based on humanitarian grounds, which [the Directive 2004/83] should never apply, the Presidency therefore proposes to restrict the scope of the provisions of point (b) of the formulation that in the country of origin, the real threat of torture or non-human or degrading treatment.’ ( 26 ) 65.
, in the judgment of Elgafaji ( 27 ) the Court stated that Article 15(b) of Directive 2004/83 ‘confessionally corresponds to [...] Article 3 of the ECHR’ ( 28 ) but the European Union legislature restricted its scope to the treatment of the ‘parents in the country of origin’ ( 29 ) which includes direct or indirect liability of the public authorities of that country.
, in particular, the international protection system is indeed own and specific protection mechanisms ( 30 ) which differs from the obligations imposed by the Contracting States Article 3 of the ECHR.
stop them!!! Stop them!
Myung-hone! Myung-hone!
Myung-hone! Myung-hone!
Hye-in! Hye-in!
Hye-in! Hye-in!
I'm here! I'm here!
Hye-in! Hye-in!
Myung-hone! Myung-hone!
Hye-in! Hye-in!
I'm here! I'm here!
out of the car out! Out of the car!
Myung-hone! Myung-hone!
Li Myung-hone!Li Myung-hoon!
you are surrounded by you. You are surrounded by you.
, leave the weapon.
, in the year 50 after Christ was born.
I thought that was. I thought.
I'm somehow knitted. I'm somehow somehow somehow knitted.
recently, I was pushed into the head.
who are you? Who are you?
I said, "Let me." I said.
I looked like Julia, I talked my own voice.
"Let it not do it."
"Do you like it? "Do you like it?
me was talking about me. I am talking about it.
"Then I say, I say, "I say, I say to you."
"Jack, there is no fun with you anymore."
I pulled for Julia's picture on my face, tried to pull it as a mask.
I felt only my own skin under my fingers.
, when I scrambled into my face, the scratched cheeker appeared on Julia's face in the mirror.
I raised my hand and touched my hair. I touched my hair.
he had been on the concrete floor on the concrete floor.
"Sund it out of me." I broke out. I took it out.
"Sund it."
I heard the shrieking and Julia's skin was gone, she went to the air and then she got into Julia.
has a hit-out thigh artery, losing too many blood.
no, no, my hand... burns!
that's the poison is.
you must decide whether you let it change it.
not... No...
No! No!
still bleeding.
, give me your tape.
Carlisle, what am I having another option? Carlisle, what can I have?
, drag it over my hands over my hand.
Carliste! Carlist!
, go.
you must try the one to sleep.
so find the will... stop.
choose to choose.
I drowse the drowsy more deeply.
what was it? What was it? What was it?
what is the temperature below there?What is the temperature below?
Prepare to draw up a robotic arm and remove samples from the sampling.
what was it? What was it? What was it?
, damn, and damn it.
, restarture power supply.
, we'll carry a few tests.
an abnormal increase in flow speed was reached by the current flow speed.
is it not a failure to remote control?
! Go to the hook!!
can you turn this video?
something came to the probes?
, it seems that it was directly under the probation of the probation.
, I have the last data we received.
you should be. You should be. You should be.
it's a big day. It's a big day. It's a big day.
do you get my gift? Do you get my gift?
, what do what? What? What?
Ko ⁇ . Ko ⁇ . Kos ⁇ . Kos ⁇ . Kos ⁇ .
you had it already had it. You should have had it.
came a basket to me? Did a bite come?
he came, he was heavy.
I was in my back, so I let him for the health of the earth.
, probably still there was still lying there.
my dissolution staff compares me that he came to the information he came.
I'm going to find it. I'm going to find it. I'm going to go find it.
I prepared it myself. I prepared it myself.
Longitude for $25.
, this is a long-term investment.This is a long-term investment.
, fireman, right.
wait here. Wait here. Wait here.
Douk, sir?
I can't wait until I can wait until I can wait.
How do you like it? How do you like it?
it's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good.
do you want? Do you want? Do you want?
not. No. No. No.
I apologize for the RePet.
Dad?
died of Oliver died?
is it the RePet?
why do you think it? Why do you think it?
you closed it out. You closed it out.
Yes? Yes?
No, it is not nice. Not a nice.
, it is uncomfortable.
, how is it called? How is it called?
I forgot it. I forgot it.
not. No. No. No.
I mean, I mean, you married.
you know what it is. You know what it's like. You know what it's like.
after... did they slow down?What... what have they slowed down?
I don't know why I'm here. I don't know why I'm here.
you could convince them to agree?
he could, but he was not my style. But it was not my style.
I expected you to understand my feelings against the wrong use of force.
I know, Charles, Charles.
when do you finally stop teaching me?
I'll stop when you start listening to me when you start listening to me.
Bobbie Bobbie. Bobbie. Bobbie.
I'm happy and I'm healthy because I'm also understand what is important in life.
Yes. Yes.
your new book. Your new book.
, that is the right to do so. It has the right.
This is important, my new cookbook.
And my husband and my family and do perfect home and my family has perfect home.
, It is lessons every girl needs to learn.
, especially you. especially you.
I'm your friend, Joanna. I'm your friend, Joanna.
I'm going to help you to help you.
you need me. You need me.
is effective in animal arthritis models and other autoimmune diseases and transplantation, especially / immunosuppressive properties, acts as antiproliferative agents and characterised with anti-inflammatory properties.
, in animal models of autoimmune disease, the leflunomide has the best procuring effect, if administered at a time-label progression stage.
In vivo is rapidly and almost completely metabolised at A771726, which is active in vitro and is expected to be responsible for therapeutic effect.
-level mechanism of action is an effect mechanism of action of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the mechanism of action, mechanism of effect of effect on the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the action
active metabolite of A771726 inhibits human enzyme dihydrootate dehydrogenase (DHODH) and shows antiproliferative activity.
Client efficacy and safety and safety of clinical efficacy and safety of safety, and safety of clinical efficacy and safety, respectively, clinical efficacy and safety and safety of climate safety and safety
Revmatoid arthritidaditis, Revmatoid arthritisdadaditis, revmatoid arthritis, or in the course of arthritis, revatoid arthritis, and the Revmatoid arthritisdadadadadadata, is a matter of proportionality.
efficacy of Repso in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis was observed in 4 controlled studies (one at phase II and three at phase III).
: The statement of proposals - The reasoning and the objective of the proposal is responding to a sharp decline facing the European economy as a result of the financial crisis, and the lack of energy supply in the Community, which has pointed out the crisis in the area of gas.
The European Economic Recovery Plan (COM(2008) 800) approved by the European Council on 11 to 12 December 2008 at the meeting.
with proposals in the area of broadband technologies and rural development specifically responds to the European Council's request on the drafting of detailed and objective list of measures.
– The general context of the financial crisis began to reflect in the autumn of 2008.
, in the area of gas, relating to the lack of gas supply produced in Russia to the Community, the gas produced in December 2008 was emerged.
, as the economic crisis, the crisis in the area of natural gas, which has pointed out to the lack of energy interconnection in Europe, structural problems for European economy and the prosperity of European citizens.
the need to develop a comprehensive recovery plan currently introducing; this proposal for financial stimulus for key components of the energy sector represents the basic element of the plan.
- The applicable provisions relating to the proposal part of the Trans-European Energy Network Programme aiming at stimulating the setting up of cross-border gas and electrical systems; the same objective also has three subprograms under this proposal.
that is true, that is true.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
, and it is for the reason for that reason.
, great reason.
what is happening here? What is it going on? What is it going on?
? Do you packages me?
not. No. No. No.
I'm Zoe Hartová. I'm Zoe Hartová. I'm Zoe Hartová.
Harley's daughter Harley's daughter. Harley's daughter. Harley's daughter.
Yeah! Yeah!
recently I moved to Alabama and talked about the future and about the future and family, I thought it was time for time.
and thought that the best way would come here and pretend you're a managic of magician?
I was afraid I was afraid.
I should have told you who I was, just as I came here.
I'm too sorry.
not. No. No. No.
Why is the problem to find the body? Why is the problem to find the body?
is divided into tufts filtering channels.
was the brains around the contraction when it was built.
many people wanted to engage in this. Many people wanted to engage in this.
nobody knows where the river ends!
I am a engineer in the Department of maintenance. I am a engineer in the Department of maintenance.
I want the body to find the body's body. I want the body to find itself.
, broken neck, the bullet in the chest and a lot of blood that would fill the bath.
I want the body. I want it to be the body.
... Anno forever... Anno.
... You killed him. You killed him. You killed him.
always returns...
always. always.
s Hello?
shall be provided, at the latest six months after the data and information originating in the first assessment carried out pursuant to Article 8 and from the monitoring programmes provided for under Article 11, the European Environment Agency shall also be provided for the purpose of carrying out its tasks.
Article 20 Commission Regulations 1.
The Commission will publish the first evaluation report on the implementation of this Directive within two years from the receipt of all programmes, but not later than 2019.
, the Commission further report then publishes the Commission every six years.
, the report presented by the European Parliament and the Council to the European Parliament and the Council.
, therefore, it would be appropriate that the Council adopt principles, priorities and conditions applicable to each European partnership.
but I'm a hundred years older than you. But I'm a hundred years older than you.
, I was a terrible kid who was a terrible kid who was, yes.
I was drunk, and I was used...
! ... on a much larger bed on a much larger bed.
never, for the whole life, I was not used for so big bed, what Golders Green has.
Who is the fuck Golders Green?
Golders Green. Golders Green.
his right name no one knew his right name.
nobody knew anything about him, even though he had lived somewhere in Golders Green.
Holy Jesus Christ Christ!
was very discreet, you know.
was Orthodox Jewish Jewish.
so, that was yours, Mr. Kluk, sir?
2 0 2 Expenditure relating to buildings 2 0 2 2 Cleaning and maintenance Appropriations 2010 Appropriations 2009 Outturn 2008 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover: expenditure on cleaning and maintenance of space, lift, central heating, air conditioning, electric installations and related adjustments and repairs, purchase of funds, heating, miscellaneous cleaning, and all supplies needed for maintenance.
what is it? What is it? What is it?
Please, listen to the messenger.
documents for the identification of Lien Mahi.
, false birth certificate.
Fake passport passport.
death certificate.
confirmation of balzaming.
all that is necessary to believe the Ministry of Interior that Lien Mahová was the nation of China and died during the stay in the United States and the documents necessary to return home to its return.
who would send the wrong body of China to China?
I would say that some smart smuggler smuggling.
so, if Lien Mah's suggestion, the body's body is moving across the ocean?
"Marjory Linova, 24 years, was imposed on the rest on Monday afternoon."
, not even 10 hours later, her body stolen during the unstable" of the stolen grave of graves.
, you think that the smuggler's body is abused by Marjorie Lin's body?
photo of Mahi, with a photo of Marjorie Lin’s documentary, with a photo of Marjorie Linkova, from documents.
, he received.
is it a presumption? - No, it is a predictor.
you said that the guy who had hanged up for Gina Fisher might work for Gina Fisher.
Gino did not do this. Gino did not do this.
how do you know? How do you know?
because it is too smart to kill a police, and this is not his style. - Is it a presumption?
, no, it is a predict that is a predict.
, I am sorry for the driver and technical licence, please.
you can. You can.
Arthur Gallery Arthur Gallery.
I prefer Arts. - Well. - Well.
I crossed the speed and you watched me. I was over the speed and you watched me.
Crawford took the first place to the service care and soon to the unit of intense care in Jefferson's hospital.
KAPITOLE 73 KRENDLER SI NEMOHL YOUR PHOTOSE.
was organised for the new head office of the new management of the management department for the new office of the crisis management department for the nineteenth anniversary of the FBI celebrations for the ninth anniversary of the FBI was organization for the journalist.
television crew fully used rare chances to enter the J. J. Building.
, Edgar Hoover Building a news C-SPAN was discovered a long story from the former President Bush, Director of department, all living life.
, the CNN picked out from the speeches of short springs and the rest appeared in the evening news.
when the Czech guests stopped the manifestations, he was a right moment for Krendler.
all items are awarded to millions, but in fact, it is just a fewer census.
so the Sports get Russian money for nothing? It's a perfect system until someone out of the outside will get to know about it.
if your underwater thinks he's just going to turn around and take money to the Souvenir, he should watch out.
who are you going there? Are you going there?
nothing is going on to do with that.
, Carter, I thought. I thought. I was.
I can't just kill someone, so I can't kill someone.
when I was going to get to the Soult, I didn't think...
, no, you didn't think you didn't think you were.
, just looking for a different place.
I can't do it anymore. I can't do it anymore.
I am not on your side of your side. I am not. I am not. I am not on your side.
I will also admit that the murder is a murder.
, really? Are you really?
Yeah, you got a new job. You got a new job.
"Bruenor will wonder!"
, he had been silent, he had been thinking, and he had to laugh himself, when he remembered his dirty-passulphar's tongue beginning in the dwarfs of the docks.
I would like to open a new file.
25 hesells in encyclopedia is 25 hesells.
so tell them, at' they're going to table.
I have the spaghetti. I have the spaghetti.
so, you know, you know, you're not a bit of a kind of way.
they will be tasting.
there is a lot of unhealthy things there. It is a lot of unhealthy things there.
I was thinking about it and I don't want you to go to my lecture.
you would be unreasonable to me. You would unleash me.
I fear enough I am afraid of enough.
what? What?
I said I didn't want you to be lecturers. I told you I didn't want you to be a lecturer.
, sorry.
thirty minutes is nothing for someone who raced at 24 haures du Mans.
please stop! Please stop!
two minutes of the booking reservation. Two minutes.
I convinced you? I convinced you?
God, God!
, Beru, like, yes.
are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay?
now we must get back here now. Now we must get back.
Russ knew Walt's supply from his fish supply.
dog tried to him when he took her.
I don't think, detective, detective.
you are sure that he didn't slipped and fell on a knife?
Mike watched us from the window when we had been here before. We were here.
no, no, please, please, please!- Hey!- Hey!
that is not true. That is not true.
I tried to work with the team from the beginning of the start.
nobody lists, course*a.
I think you like it.
was so articulated, and now he is like, "I'm a gangst."
I talked to you, about Mustanga, about that Mustanga.
still have it, you still have it, do you still have it, yeah?
what do we expect here today?What do we now?
we have here... we have here...
, the founder Ellie, the founder Ellie.
, the founder Ellie, the founder Ellie.
we'll try to attract someone to help us bury her on the garden.
was thinking he would hire a guy to come and kick a hole in the garden, thinking it's for tree or something, and then tell him:
"No, it is for my wife, and you could bring the body out of the house, throw it into the hole and sink?"
was a disaster in the funeral institute of the funeral institute of his wife.
I was hoping to give you some money to help me bury her on her favorite site.
I can't do it, no.
I can give you $60 extra money.
I don't think it's legal and I don't want to get into trouble.
we tried to do this in Columbus, and people didn't want to have anything to do with it.
I can't do it. I can't do it.
you can help me get her out to buried her out to buried her.
"Frodo! "Frodo!
my dear Mr. Frodo!" shouted Sam and tears almost blinded him.
"This is Sam, I am coming!"
, she raised her master and pressed him to himself.
Frodo opened his eyes.
"I'm still going to be?" he whispered.
, "But the other dreams were terrible."
nothing seems to you, sir," said Sam.
‘It is true ‘It is true.
I'm it's me. I'm it's me. I'm it's me. I'm it. I'm it's me. I'm it.
I came here."
"I can't believe it," said Frodo, holding him firmly.
was here with a whip, and suddenly the realm of the Sama!
, after its formal setting up, the Agency is entitled to accept the monthly advance payment on its operating costs referred to in Article 6(4), Article 6(4), the Agency shall be authorised to accept the monthly advance payment of the payment of its operating costs.
OJ L 310, 9.11.2006, p. 15.
EN EN EN EN EN Official Journal of the European Union (S) EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN Official Journal of the European Union (Text with EEA relevance)
, it is as if the eastern part of our apartment was under the promise of the celebration of celebration.
Oh, sheets, shed. Oh, she was scattered.
you'll ever get rid of Ellie's sweater ever?
I hope that not. I hope not.
, I mean, it's my lucky sweater.
hey, hey, do you think Ellie is okay?
should I call to the hospital again? Do I have to call to the hospital?
I do coffee. Does someone want someone?
I'll go to bed.
I'm beginning to get too much to the lhave and silence around the spy thing.
I'm beginning to feel that it's my real life.
all was expected to be expected.
, there is a spy crisis existing crisis. It is a spy crisis.
I have a little concerns about our coverage.
he gave me an extra task, he said it was super secret.
in the margins, it should be noted that, contrary to the Greek Government’s view – Article 6(1) of Directive 83/18 cannot be applied, in the alternative case, to the Greek Government’s view – unlike the second subparagraph of Article 6(1) of Directive 83/183.
what on the matter? What about? What about?What about?What about?
"Where the shirts of the sea counts...
"I'm getting it...
"I'm looking more deep...
, yes, it is wonderful.
has love!My love!
that can not continue forever to continue forever.
four days ago, they commanded me... ...to put the speakers so... ...to make themselves easier inside, and find out whether they were still alive... ...that were our instructions.
I pointed out to their intenseness.
intensation in the intolerability?
what? What? What?
that is true, that is true.
terday we sent a section... ...the winners with the command to enter.
, when they returned to the casáren.
21 By letter of 24 March 2003, the Commission repeated its original application concerning imports of material intended exclusively for military purposes preceding 1 January 2003 and the period following that date applies to Regulation No 150/2003.
22 On 7 May 2003, the Kingdom of Denmark held its reply in its Opinion on 7 May 2003 in its Opinion.
23 By letter of 17 October 2003, the Commission called upon the Kingdom of Denmark to implement the calculations necessary for determining the amount of own resources unpaid by the Community owing to the exemption of imports exclusively military armies from duty as regards the financial year 1998 to 2002, the Commission has granted those own resources and paid interest on the basis of Article 11 of Regulation No 1150/2000.
I am very happy to see you on the habits of the way you have allowed you to leave you to visit.
so your backup plan is dinner on the Girls's backup plan for Liam?
parents are from themselves. Mom and her friend are in Paris, and dad and his girlfriend have a strange tree-concerning event in the desert.
is the divorce is nothing, what, what is it?
this young boy, in the overstop of the older woman, makes fun of a merger of the Church and the State.
, it is the beginning of the free printing in America.
, the Church was too powerful enough to be the Church.
twelve, sir.
, I thank you, sir.
If you talk to him with a third party, you say Mr Stevens older to distinguish us.
I'm sure Mr Stevens older is good at my work, but I'm sure I'm sure I'm good at my own.
"food" and not the "je" campaigns and the "je" campaigns.
This is the definition from our quarterly Gentleman Gentleman:
was a English chamber in the lndia.
, sir," he whispered, not to thank the ladies:
"I'm sorry.
each added each added to the lndia.
when the chamber returns to the panstory tea, he says nothing like:
"The bee ⁇ ek is served at an usual hour, sir.
, this is the ideal, where we should go to the direction of.
Give Stevens the plate older on the fence, whether not cool it.
Parties therefore initialled an agreement in the form of an Exchange of Letters concerning the provisional use of the Protocol, which was paraffed and constitutes an annex to the new Fisheries Partnership Agreement from 1 July 2007.
(5) In the interest of the Community, the Agreement is approved in the form of an Exchange of Letters.
I'm in this up to neck. I'm in this way after my neck.
is the sixth of the turnover, gentlemen.
I know that I know that I know that I know that I know that I know that is.
, I'm just a debtor's debt record.
good night. Good night.
with old mouquet, which might be my grandmother, and who thinks I was born in the cave.
I didn't let someone go on to the clothes.
, you can't be so strict to yourself.
I'm fishing out of water and I really felt it today. I'm fishing out of water and today I felt it.
Lord Gillingham tried to warn me, but I did not listen to him.
you know that master well? - No. - No. - No.
, like, like, like,... like...
what is happening? What is happening?
was you aware that Lady Rose found Mr. Crawley's gramophone?
[1] The International Day of Roma was established in 1971 on the First Roma Congress of the First Roma Congress.
[2] OJ L 180, 19.7.2000, p. 22 ).
The recovery of sugar benefits is corrected under EU own resources.
This means that Member States may deduct 75 % of the actual excessive doses of their own resources to the EU own resources.
, you get out here.
what is happening here? What is it going on here?
, give me cigarette.
you must not smoke so much.
. - Thank you. - Thank you.
studying eggs saw one eggs as they split ... ... and then the scene was divided again.
, the cells start specializing and form different parts of the body of the body of the unsuccessful pupils.
, and it is not just a rifle that grows like this.
what is true about the grooms also applies to us.
that is an unusual idea that each of the bilion cells that form my body originally originally comes from a single cell.
Mikroscop revealed two basic rules of life - the two basic rules of life -
each living creature on this planet is created from cells ... and cells are emerging from other cells.
, understand the cell, means understanding life.
was not so easy, because even with the best microscope all you could see was the core in the transparent cash.
if bio-like wanted to do another step, they had to find a way to do invisible visible visible.
will need help and get it out of two very different worlds, theoretical physics and the world of fashion.
in 1850, the first synthetic colour, the creation of a whole range of new colours.
Mode led to demand.
and art was also reused again.
the artificial colour was produced in the German chemistry industry scale.
not so fast. Not so fast. Not so fast.
, the war.
what are the reports?What are the reports??What are the reports???What are the reports?????What are the reports??????What are the reports are the reports??????
, the Archifier shook his head:
I smiled at him. I smiled at him.
“And you believe that “bestie dick whose time is in the past, the left to Betlé, would be born” ?”
, Archivator smiled not.
“Yes, sir, I believe.”
New York, we're flying the flight!
I can't believe they moved me to the first class.
Hubby!Husty!!
, just that you can fly with people is unfair.
Ou yeah. Ou ieah.
, Axman, it gives it to the 8th morning.
No! No!
not. No. No. No.
Luciane. Luciane.
Look at me, Sono, Sono.
See, look at me.
watch me look at me!
I love you. I love you. I love you.
I also love you too. I also love you too.
when you end up, you're not here, do you see this, now, do you see?
Goodbye, love, love.
not. No. No. No.
Go to exempt the others.
fast! fast!!
behind me.
you are absolutely right. You are absolutely right.
are also such people who stop on the highway to play cars. Or they say: You:
If you're Alec Guinness and you were half a year in the Japanese prison in the box, (the film) you need to drag your feet, but not after 50 km of drive.
, it is the same thing to stop people from eating.
I can't imagine a route so long to need a man to pick up energy.
if you went to Cashira... - Yes, but in Britain not.
If you go to Birmingham, you don't need food.
I am glad that you mentioned it because I want to say that it is one place where I cannot understand why people stop there.
. Little Chef (UK motorist), because there are raw materials and then it is a disorder.
once I stopped at Littl Chef and asked: "I can get a omellet?" And the waitress told me:
I'm sorry, sir, we still haven't received the powder yet.
is it not good sign that yes?
one day, a lever from the plate and knocked back down in Little Chef, and he broke back.
are from old squash balls!
we heard that they have been planning to close half their bister and we're not surprised. One time we stopped one still open to stop.
16 March 1, 0151 Portuguese Special Edition Chapter 13 Volume 1 S.
16 December 2006 laying down the provisions of the Member States relating to colours authorised for use in foodstuffs intended for human consumption (68/419/EEC)
, yes, that is the betazoid method.
, when you are at the next time, you will stimulate the nervous pressure point, as follows.
, there is a nerve nod, right behind the neck of the carcasses.
, it is smiling down that part of the brain that creates endorphins.
that sounds simply easier.
here. Here. Here. Here.
, I feel better now. I feel better now.
I think I'm afraid of it's not afraid of it. I think I'm afraid of it.
we talked about the disgusting fear of fear.
, this is the best way to do it.
, probably it's probably it's like it. It's probably it's like it.
I'm going to move there.
I can handle it!
there are no signs of life. There are no signs of signs of life.
is not very beginning. It is not very beginning. It is not very beginning.
, because it is a big step.
I'm not trying to tell you that it's the same... I thought about if I slept with you... and God, I would never even have thought you would kill you.
well. Well.
well. Well.
, at least go to the autosophers.
Yes. Yes.
and not taking the bulk too much of the broad, or so.
I'm sure you're not going to be. I'm sure you're not going to be.
sometimes someone tells some little thing... and that like it will just fall into the empty place in your heart.
your hair. Your hair. Your hair.
Yes. Yes.
, I think it's so. I think it's like it's like.
Hello. Hello.
see you tomorrow.
: Harris: It is probably more captive and handling of attention and handling manipulation.
, thanks to the research that is on the Gette Museum site, it is quite clear that it plays perspective.
Dr. Zucker: And it is realistic. Dr. Zucker: And it is realistic.
Dr. Harris: Deformuje perspective. Dr. Harris: Deforms the perspective.
, in fact, the male observer who is seen is left, outside our supervision.
. Zucker: we are looking at the right and combinations of these two perspectives commit these two figures together, but only in a reflective way that is strangely designed.
Dr. Harris : somehow says that this mirror is not a thing that captures the truth, it is metaphor.
, these paintings are mirrors of visual world visual world mirrors.
, here, shows mirror and claim, "No, mirrors are false, are just built in a way as all the others, when it depends on the angle of the point of view."
fuck!
, Marty's voice was strictly ruthless. Marty's voice was a rigorous voice.
, Jone, "Fine, Jone.
you can't have time to save your seizures.
I don't want to have a hole in the walls, if I don't do it there alone.
Tell me what you came to. Tell me what you came.
I can help you."
aid covers the amount of the actual interest paid by the loan interest or financial hire (except the operational leasing).
the amount of the aid is not exceeding 4 % of the annual credit or actual rates, if the credit rate is lower than 4 %.
aid amount shall be calculated in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of Regulation (EC) No 1857/2006.
Date of implementation: Date of implementation:: Date of implementation:
duration of the aid scheme or individual aid award:
Application Objective of aid: 30 December 2013 Objective:
, the aim is to promote the development of rational and effective agricultural production by reducing production costs and introducing modern production technologies.
aid is granted in accordance with Article 4 of Commission Regulation (EC) No 1857/2006 of 15 December 2006 on the application of Articles 87 and 88 of the Treaty to State aid for small and medium-sized enterprises active in the production of agricultural products and amending Regulation (EC) No 70/2001.
: Aid for small and medium-sized enterprises operating in primary production of agricultural products.
Name and address of the granting authority: Name and address of the granting authority:
. Zemkop ⁇ bas Ministerija R ⁇ ga, 2.2.2009.
aid shall not be paid back to the activities already undertaken by the beneficiary.
the highest amount of the aid granted to each undertaking shall not exceed EUR 281 120 LVT (EUR 400 000) or EUR 351 400 LVT (EUR 500 000) during the three-year period of three years.
, aid will only be granted to undertakings not in difficulty undertakings.
, no, we will not sell you to sell you.
I have work but I have work. I have. I have work.
, do you really?
Yes, on food trade in the store. Yes, for food stores in stock.
owner is in a care house.The owner is in the care house.
, so, her son needs help. So, her son needs her help.
, the shop is really at least his problems, from what I heard from what I heard.
I was only helping around the trade, surely. I was only helping around the trade, surely.
, on the full-time basis, the full-time.
but, but, however, it was.
what we do?What do we?
you'll have to go with me, Junior.
maybe you can take home bus Phillip? Maybe you can take home to the bus Phillip?
Phillip!!
We all have to contribute to our all of us all must contribute.
, according to my uncle, you must start a knotting..
you tried to kill the wolf, and you didn't succeed you.
, thanks, Liso. Thanks, Liso.
, please hold the Caroline's loose, please wait until the next time.
, your daughter, Liz. It's your daughter, Liz.
you have it! You have it!
just looking at the... just looking at...
Mmm...
... this is not good for this..This is not good for good... ...that is not good for good... ...that is not good enough to do with this.
Mmm, but yes, it is, but it's, but it's, it's, uh, it's, uh, Mmm, but it's, but it's, but it's, it's, uh, it's, uh, it's, uh,..
, Jesslicheli arrives on this Katherine arrive.
what Katherine... What Katherine... What Katherine...
shh, shh, shh...
why do you stay here? Why do you stay here?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I should handle this. I should handle this.
well. Well.
, yeah, we're going to find a semeták.
Sammy Sammy?
Are you in the drive? Are you in the drive? Are you in the drive?
Yeah, fine. Yeah, fine.
and then I leaned on them and both shot them and shot them.
you led yourself well, a sheriff.
here are the ingredients here are the ingredients.
death caused a large shootout injury.
I was sure to take the fingerprints for you.
can we look at the body?
, their bodies were sent to the funeral institute of the fireplace as indicated as the wish in their final.
that must be some recording.
, the lavish-generally fluently for a period of 5 seconds (Proposal D).
, and here also. And here too.
Taxi!Taxi!
in previous parts of Drop Dead Diva... - Hello.
Hello. Hello.
you don't tell Grayson that you don't tell Grayson?
, like we look at pizza after aquaerobic. Yeah. Yeah.
, Stacy, I tell him it. - Mr. God, I say. - God. - God.
I want to tell you something important. I want to tell you something important.
not. - What? - What?
Jane! Jane! Jane!
Please, Grayson.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Jane! Jane! Jane!
I know you're Deb in fact you're Deb.
my boys die because of the mile.
Hm. Hm. Hm. Hm. Hm.
LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION Adopted ( P7_TA(2013)0543 ) 7.26.
the determination of the criteria defining where the collection paper ceases to be waste within the meaning of Article 6(1) of Directive 2008/98/EC on waste (vote)
, the computer, east.
this neural interface is damaged.This neural interface is damaged.
because he got a direct hit when one of your bullets was scratched on the bottom of the lebatic.
I'm taking you a new and you install it.
, I shall not, until I take her injuries to be investigated.
how long? How long did how long? How long?
two broken vertebrates and the stabbed lungs - not less than an hour.
and he? And he?
, this time you would be more useful when you corrected muscles that are torn.
last member of the crew you treated with the internal bleeding.
your crew is fragile.
they're too easy to look too easily.
what are you waiting for?What do you expect?
you're fighting for the last three weeks, you're just afraid, you're shooting, you're going to burn and you'll get a jump.
, their bodies were not designed to do something such as that creature.
, the Son of Glorie Son of Glorie.
Rush fans.
, I'm afraid of you.
How can you know this? How can you know this?
because you have a Rush trunk, you have a Remente.
and because we know all about every of you. We know all about you.
even move! Now, neither move!
, give the work from the table.
. Good morning, Mr. Lucasi.
shut down!!!!!!!!!
Yes. Yes.
I hear his brother. I hear his brother.
Yes. Yes.
quiet silence.To silence.
I wouldn't say that the gap was in my safety, but - how did you get here?
, here's a murder," Ollie said.
“What do you mean how much is it hurry?”
‘Because I could ...’ means that I may ...’ means that I may ...’
42 By failing to make a decision on the compatibility criteria for the choice of procedural conditions to be respected, according to the appellants in paragraph 55 of the judgment under appeal, the Court of First Instance stated that the regulatory procedure could only be applied for measures with general scope.
– Commission arguments 43 The Commission considers that the reference to the 30th recital in the preamble to Regulation No 3319/94 is not relevant for the purposes of interpreting Article 1(3) of that regulation which imposes special duty, if two objective conditions are met, namely the implementation of indirect invoicing and imports of ZAP.
Article 2 of the Decision on the compatibility of the Commission contests the CMF’s assertion that the Court of First Instance stated that the regulatory procedure can only be applied for measures with general scope.
, the Court’s conclusions 45 Both of the examinations examined ground of appeal and therefore that is the ground of appeal, that is why the appeal is appeal is not a separate existence.
As the Advocate General points 41 of his Opinion, both parts examined are more specifically raised under the fourth, respect for the third ground of appeal, which is contested by the Court of First Instance’s own legal analysis.
48 That part of the appeal is therefore complied with the fourth, respected with the third ground of appeal, the third ground of appeal is to be held.
49 Consequently, it is not necessary to examine it separately.
– Arguments of the appellants 50 CMF argues that the Court of First Instance 14 to 28 of the judgment under appeal, which the factual context of the case has adopted a completely fiscal structure of the competent national authorities in relation to the existence of indirect invoicing.
51 That presentation is incomplete and incorrect, and thus leads to distortions of facts.
both were grown, over the eighty-three meter, twenty-five-footers with a rough face.
they could not cut them off, so that the rivaler couldn't catch them for hair.
and when they took off the gross shirt, it turns out that both have the same steel ropes and the back of long-driven tracks after nine-covered cat.
, the counterparts looked quite equally and all understood how many were.
and the general, in person, the Admiral and the General had approved their choice and positive to them that they had to win.
, the whole pedestrian and navy were the honour of the whole pirts and the Navy and the great monos they had put their officers on them.
winning the fresh future is waiting for the winner.
the advised will not have any future in the advances of the future.
Henry Hardy Hibbs climbed the only rope and built up into the middle of the ring where the cross was a metro square.
, honour of the Lordship and the Virgin," he began.
"Boy until the end between the end, in this corner, bocman Jem Grum from the Royal Navy of the Royal Navy."
, from the crowd of the marines on the east side, he called the enthusiastic junior jazz, while from the dense of the dense, the dense of the west side came the way and the sessions of the slaughterhouse.
, the archduke, admiral and the General established on the honorary places on the north side of the ring surrounded by honorary guard.
, two livestocks were standing behind the arcivor, armed and ostrava.
, Brock, Cooper, Tillman, Robb, Gorth and all the tai-pans had seats on the southern side and stretched to see better, smaller traders, navy officers and pedestrian.
we are still in the roof and so.
what if there were some good people going to come?
we are on the way we are also on our way.
I know I know. I know. I know. I know.
when you're still in the roof, does it mean that you're still afraid?
, first, you must be afraid of you to be at the roof.
stop! Stop!!
will you be finished with this plan in Kamen's Kamen?
then, at the Angel field to the Angel field.
Combabajnír: Combabajnír:
, to And, to And, to Andy?
, man, I don't want to do this!
I'm not going to be a nail and eat!"!
well, well, good. Well, good.
Zorej and not amuse it with Zorej and disgrace with it.
and even torture me or torture!
you have always been leaving us for many times. You have always been leaving us.
, and the summer returned to the summer.
they are already flying.
Hyyo! Hyj ⁇ !
your book liked me. I liked your book.
well, thank you.
use of mil - remuneration5.1 The Clus flights are made for the lines operated by Czech Airlines, alian partners and other partner companies, upgrade for the Business classes on OK line-O operated by Czech Airlines or other remuneration.
, as remuneration, other services provided by Czech Airlines or non-lete partners OK Plus can be obtained as remuneration as remuneration as a remuneration, or other services provided by Czech Airlines and non-Alphan-Alcoholina.
. 5.2 The variations can be obtained by miles to OK Plus account for the Member account.
Number of millions needed to receive remuneration is set in mile tables available at www.okplus.cz .
Czech Airlines reserves the right to change the number of necessary miles to obtain individual remuneration.
5.3 Currency Currency Currency Currency or Account Holder will determine the owner of the account.
5.4 In the case of a bonus flight or other remuneration, these remuneration must be issued directly by the owner of the account, on the basis of the verification of the valid PIN, or the identity on the basis of a civil licence or passport in the Czech Airlines office.
5.5 Bonus flight has 12 months from the date of the expansion.
Czech Airlines reserves the right to limit the number of passengers with a bonus flight on certain lines.
some bonus flights are not built at all on some lines.
more information can be obtained in the Czech Airlines' sales offices.
5.6 Bonus flights on Czech Airlines' lines of the Economy transport class can be paid to the Business Class Class Class.
information can be obtained in the Czech Airlines Offices or departure at the airport before departure.
: 5.7 In the context of one trip to the rear bonus ticket, one so-called open-jaw, i.e. the airport of the arrival in the destination trip may not be consistent with the airport departure in the return path within the same zone.
, one so-called stop of the road is authorised on a bonus flight, i.e. the possibility of interrupting the trip.
was not so crazy as it seemed to be, his scattered hair and groaning, fragmented, fragmented speech.
only, the only thing he had actually been mad was water from which he had a real fear of fear.
still deeply, his head was still in the way he could see the carriage of the sea and the rebellious sea.
‘Not of course not.’
he said, "He said, "He said, and he showed his chin at Krahujce.
, Barrister, – for the European Commission C. Gheorghi and D. Martin, acting as Agents, after hearing the Opinion of Advocate General held on 19 June 2014, gives the reference for a preliminary ruling concerning the interpretation of Article 22(2) of Council Regulation (EEC) No 1408/71 of 14 June 1971 on the application of social security schemes on employed persons, self-employed and their family members moving within the Community, amended and updated by Council Regulation (EC) No 118/97 of 2 December 1997 of 2;
2 This application was submitted in the context of the dispute between E.
Thank you for the beautiful gift, Walter.
s Hello?
, when the door opens, you hardly find a stolen place and mysteries.
Exchange of Documents ( 17 ) , the exchange of documents ( 17 ) , namely the exchange of documents ( 17 ) , the exchange of documents ( 17 ) , the exchange of documents ( 17 ) , is replaced by the exchange of documents ( 17 ) .
B. B. B. B. B. B.
I don't know what's going on, but it's definitely your fault.
so I don't talk to me!
, well, I take it.
it's enough to do it. It'll be enough.
, Solo, out of the way out.
I'm here, Jabbo. I'm here, Jabbo.
, I guess you didn't think I'd run?
you disappointed Hane, my boy, my boy.
you didn't pay me... and you disposed of the poor Greed.
I can't make exceptions. I can't do exceptions.
, that is not what is what is that of the same way is not understood.
, sometimes, Jabbo stop me, Jabbo.
, in that regard, it is sufficient that that the common component of that component is not negligible.
, however, it must be held that the Court stated, first, that the overall impression which triggers the mark applied for is dominated by the element ‘creaciones kennya’, which the consumer concerned will focus widely on its attention and, secondly, in paragraph 44 of the judgment under appeal, that the element ‘ck’ in relation to the ‘creacional Kennya’ is merely an intervener, which, in essence, implies that the element ‘ck’ is negligible in the mark applied for.
The Court of First Instance, which, on the basis of the correct analysis, has ruled out any similarity between the marks and the marks at paragraphs 53 to 57 of the judgment under appeal, concluded that despite the good name of the earlier marks and the identity of the goods covered by the marks which are not the likelihood of confusion between those marks.
59 The third part of the first ground of appeal is therefore necessary to declare, for the unjustified nature of the first ground of appeal, that the third part of the appeal must therefore be declared unfounded.
60 In those circumstances, the first ground of appeal must be rejected by the appeal, first ground of appeal must be rejected.
, second, the second ground of appeal Arguments of the parties 61 By its second ground of appeal, the appellant complains that the appellant complains that Article 8(5) of Regulation No 40/94, when he did not examine the good name of the earlier marks within that provision.
62 The Court of First Instance held that, in paragraph 15 of the judgment under appeal, the appellant claims the only plea alleging infringement of Article 8(1)(b) of Regulation No 40/94, whereas the action was also explicitly based on infringement of Article 8(5) of that regulation.
63 The Court of First Instance committed an error of law, finding that, since the marks of conflict were not similar, it is not necessary to examine the good name of earlier marks.
that the earlier mark of Calvin Klein is generally known, the applicants should be taken into account in the light of determining whether it should be granted more extensive protection.
, the earlier mark name must be assessed in the assessment of similarity between the conflicting marks and not after the similarity was proven.
64 In that regard, the appellant claims that if the prosper mark of cK was protected only if the third party would use the same graphic representation, it would mean that the mark CK trade mark would be familiar with a good name that the level of protection which is practically lower than the level of protection that would have been used if it were not generally known.
that the mark of the cK, as well as other distinct graphic representation of those letters, are famous, confers them to protect the use of the letter ‘CC’ in the fashion sector, since the latter identifies Calvin Klein, so that their use of third parties is caused by a confusion through association.
, in the judgment under appeal, OHIM claims that, in the contested judgment, the Court of First Instance has held the right to the question of the earlier mark’s reputation.
, since the signs at issue cannot be regarded as similar, Article 8(5) of Regulation No 40/94 does not apply.
66 The company Zafra Marroquineros states that, in the judgment under appeal, a reference is made to the reputation of the earlier marks.
! State! State!! State!!! State!!
someone of us will dream of the tent of the flowers.
, look at the corner and try not to scream.
I am that I am. I.
I'm behind you, I'm always gonna find you here. I'm always looking for you, I'm always gonna find you. I'm looking for you, I'm always looking for you.
people who fear me, never walk close to me.
yellow eyes of September like neonal light.
yellow eyes, the light in the night city were cut by light in the night city.
you will be polished in the streets forever.
, look at the shadows and see my shape.
I'm behind you, I'm always gonna find you here. I'm always looking for you, I'm always gonna find you. I'm looking for you, I'm always looking for you.
I'm behind you, I'm always gonna find you here. I'm always looking for you, I'm always gonna find you. I'm looking for you, I'm always looking for you.
when I meet you when I see you when I shoot you?
I'm a tiger, tiger, tiger, tiger!
thanks! Thanks!
I just love to know, do you understand?
I saw my life, right before me, I saw my whole life, right before me.
Perfect. Perfect.
, and then the whore had been gone away from me.
just... just...
do you understand? Do you understand?
it's like... it's like...
of course, of course, you know.
You and Jenna, you are a one person like one person.
now you're going to have a baby now?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
how is it passionate? How is it a passionate?
a lot of passionate.
I see you, you election, you election.
I'm going to finish in the cheese.
The President shall consult the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions in accordance with Article 124(1) and Article 125(1) of the Rules of Procedure with the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions. the matter shall be forwarded to the matter:
: TRAN Proposal for a Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms - Part I (COM(2011)0452 - C7-0417/2011 - 2011/0202(COD))
but nothing was said, but nothing but said.
a long silence was spreading long silence.
, the opposite was pale again.
he could calm her.
," she said. "On her profile," she said.
"Therah is exactly similar to you.
you might have worked with him."
, Reacher looked up at it.
"Your personal situation is sorry for me."
"Our sympathy is nothing to me.
I must catch the guy."
"In that case a lot of happiness."
she leaned, she was wearing Blake coffee and then went to Reacher.
," he said.
"Do you help?" she asked.
Francis Gibson, Francis Gibson.
what do he and what do he have with him?
we know that it's going to be in it too.
, it is a former member of the CIA member.
Yes, we asked him about it.
, some times.
now the beaches next to the room with his daughter, along with his daughter.
10 seconds. Ten seconds.
when you kidnapped those children to use their parents... Use us.
we can help you help you.We can help you.
five seconds. Five seconds.
Orange CO239GH.
, where did you hear the password?
Do you think how many times do you think? Do you think how many times?
heard broadcasting from two different places.
, not that it is numerically sensitive to pain.
! You must arrive. You must arrive.
I realize Harry had paid it enough to do it. I realize Harry had already paid it.
when the engine does not turn, he doesn't like the nekkksne.
when you cut, and the hand of the bag show 9,000 rpm, then it's bad.
then it is clear that it is kiksne, is it my fault?
is nothing I would have done with the race car.
that's the only thing I can do!
it is clear. It doesn't need to appreciate your job. It must know What car will last and what no longer!
, do you want me to manage and you to drive?
I didn't have a fucking conversation with this fucking sorghan. I didn't have to talk to this fucking sorcererhoea.
I didn't have a fucking conversation with this fucking sorghan. I didn't have to talk to this fucking sorcererhoea.
, do you think he can drive? Do you think he can drive?
Yeah, he can, he can.
 ⁇  It's in the past.  ⁇  That's what I'm talking about!
is aft car, and we are trying to catch the offender.
 ⁇  Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Where is it?
I must be a moment before I dress up on the party to the party.
, see you, then, you see.
you don't know why you came here. You don't know why you came here.
, it is because I wanted it. It is because I wanted it.
and why? Why? Why?
, the Count Alucard Count...
I called you to warn you. I called you to warn you.
, in the great house, angel of deaths, the angel of deaths of death.
I see the house in the ruins in the ruins.
are a thick breed and wild wine, broken windows flying the bats flying.
I want to know what is with the Earl. But I want to know what is with the Earl.
can you hear me, Queen Zimbo?
is not named Alucard.
you must stop him before he's late.
stop him before Dark Oaks comes death.
, in the case of pelagic fishing vessels, that period is set for fifteen days.
: 2.3 The master shall transmit the original of the Annex to the fishing logbook of the fishing authority for the copy of the Ministry for the Ministry.
, within the period of 15 working days, the copy of the national authorities of a Member State and the Commission is transmitted to the Commission within the period of 15 working days, by delegation, by means of delegation, a copy of a Member State and to the Commission.
2.4 The failure of one of the provisions in the above paragraphs 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 shall result in an automatic suspension of fishing licences until the vessel owner fails to fulfil its obligations.
Jesus - Come on, go on.
Oo, yes. Oh, God. Oh, God.
And Ann and I'm going out and I wanted to thank you for everything today and see tomorrow.
Hello, Chris. ehm, Ron Swanson sent me to send you this document.
"Where this could be covered, dear Christmas, it could be a precious Christmas, and the Christians, and the most likely to be involved in this, dear Christians,
"In the park department, emergency situation occurred in the park department, the emergency situation occurred in the emergency.
"and April seems to be the only man who can help.
"I can't kill the details, because it's super-table.
"I beg forgive April back to us and always on.
: "God bless America. with love, Bert Macklin, FBI, FBI."
what? What? What?
, it is always the same every time. It is all the same.
to watch out about you and boys, and on the boy.
so do it, okay?
well, well, trust me, well, trust me.
Inspector Cifuentes.
Julie Julie. Julie Julie.
my husband, Oscar, my husband, Oscar.
I like to know you. I like to know you. I love to know you.
two murders in the town where nothing happened to happen and both you were.
it is hard enough to believe in the advantage.
something there was there. Something there was there.
something? something?
was it... it was...
, in the heart of Fabian, whispered it into his ears.
, but then it turned around.
, the poralta had turned away from the back of the back and straightened back.
," Anna said calmly, "that had to be horriblely trampled.
our information about Strasseer is reliable. But our information about Strasseer is reliable.
, Datelene is shooting the genre images and now during our interview.
: "Datelene, 60 minutes, 20/20 - those publicist programmes known.
if you were so unconscious that Josef Strasser lives in Argentina, you'd have long found him, wouldn't you?"
he put his eyes on her, his eyes on her.
she couldn't tell him the truth that she didn't care Strasseer's Nazi past, but what he had turned into when he broke up with F ⁇ hrer and he had been in the secret architects of the pledged era.
"So where do I start with the fifth?"
"It can't be answered!
, if we knew we had a war crimes, we pick him up.
I made a small trip to your "rod" university.
you made a small 240 kilometre trip.
just after the phone just after the phone.
I was thinking I had been exploring the exploration.
is it a real photo that?
Yeah, it is humiliating.
was there a girl there. She was there a girl there.
better. That's evil. It's a bad. It's a bad.
she didn't see you, she didn't even believe she was possible.
, people hate people who have the theory of people about people.
? Do you want me to download? Do you download? Do you download? Do you download? Do you want to download?
, I have nothing, I have nothing.
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ.
The scientific institutions of the Documents referred to in Articles 4, 5, 8 and 9 shall not be required in the case of non-commercial loans, gift or exchange between scientists and scientific institutions authorised by the executive authorities of States in which they operate, hempters and other museum exemplaries of preserved, dried or indigenous in the preservation media and live plant materials which are labelled by the label which are designated by the designation of which is determined in accordance with the procedure referred to in accordance with Article 18(2), or similar to by the competent authority or approved by the third country.’
: Degras Other including inverte sugar: invertext sugar:
Chemically pure paintosis Cukrovinky (including white chocolates) not containing cocoao:
Lucent Nisard Lucien Nisard.
and he did not just break into DSR.
, once I had a series of traces in the mobile network in Prague.
Nisard had telephone calls from the same place, in the same time when Dixon saw Irin.
, of course, his monitoring of his follow-up time would last.
check Blackwell's Blackwell's list.
, Blackwell's list?
Sloane has no Sloane.
he had passed him to Langley to Langley.
or not? Or does not?
How do you hold? How do you hold? How do you hold?
I'm trying to remain concentrated.
again, to open Bishop's files?
, probably killed my mother, probably killed my mother.
if it was alive, CIA had seen something overlooked the living, and CIA had seen something.
, let someone who will be able to include a great love I gave her to her.
it's good. It's good. It's good! That's right!
I'm taking care of it right now. I'm gonna look after it.
! And there is again here! And there is a re-exportation.
Oh, my God. What did it...
that's okay. That's okay.
I swear I want to be crazy to you still. I swear to be crazy to you.
, now you've been bored now.
! The donors of blood donors here is Bruce Nolan... just before the first 'Buffal day of the donation of blood'.
, therefore, let's go here, because the life you save may be my life.
, we'll go here with Kowolski who had been chased for this moment with special keks.
I thank you my mom, God, finger, nose.
I had given blood twice a week for this week 2 times.
for those who have not heard, I want to know you with the future "waste exclusive":
for Eyewitness reports, Bruce Nolan. All members of blood donors want to tell you:
to limit the overall increase in EU institutions' administrative expenditure in accordance with the approach applied by Member States in their national government;
to determine the corresponding amount of the administrative budget of each institution taking into account their specificities and their actual and justified needs;
to implement targeted reduction in the framework of certain budgetary lines in all institutions with regard to the implementation of the budget in 2009 and actual needs;
, taking part of the appropriations relating to the preparation of the accession of Croatia, based on accession in 2012;
not to accept an increase of 1,85 % in relation to the adjustment of salaries for 2009, which some authorities included in their estimates until the Court of Justice takes the decision concerned;
to increase the standard flat-rate reduction in the salaries in most institutions with regard to the current rate of non-saviority of their place;
no new jobs required by the institutions, except for jobs for the European Council, which is a new authority;
, transfer, transfer, transfer, movements to higher classes and transfer of places.
, the new house is very nice. The new house is very nice.
Come... Come...
Come Get what you're doing here.
all are waiting for everyone waiting.
, but the mother is there.
she is also coming with us. She is also coming with us.
correctly Keep the harmonium otherwise it will be blown up.
 ⁇  Listen, what do you do? Listen, what do you do?
sorry... I'm sorry...
, come to all children.
you, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on.
kids... kids...
, this is your new home.
just two steps back is our kitchen.
, just put me in!
Roderick! Roderick!
do you believe in God? Are you trusting God?
what do you believe? What do you believe?
, of course, we must be.
and do you want to meet him?
No, not yet, not yet.
, in this case, you answer our questions about our questions.
how did you get here? How did you get here?
I will not tell you that. I will not tell you this.
so you don't tell us? Do you tell us?
you are a Erika Strasy or perhaps not?
or perhaps not?
Erika Big Erika?
, fast, I need to push!
, I think it was a good thing. I think it was going to happen.
Hello, dear, here's mom here.
, the rash that described us, it doesn't seem to be a fungal.
should you check it out. You should check it.
, he bitten me a spider.
, hey, here's A.J.
never. Never. Never.
, Berte is very seriously and don't share the illusion.
cops would be too interested in how you were involved in this.Police would be interested in the police.
if you have money, let me in the Pager a message on my Pager.
I'm sure the gate is going to break and get inside.
When they do it, we use this!
tomorrow we will protect you, your salt.
I am a free man. I am a free man.
, kill me.
never appreciated who you were. Never have you ever experienced who you are.
in the mountains covered by the yavors sing white birds in the mountains covered by the yavors sing white birds.
where the white birds sing, my home is my home.
you are afraid of my father's death.
Koreans and Hani are very similar to those who are very similar.
we are like brothers like brothers. We are like brothers.
, this has been a long time.
all must die! All must die!
, before the western western service, we will be released back to the prériium.
wait! Wait!!!
Mr O. would be together with Mrs S. and her two children.
21 It is apparent from the order for reference that on 1 January 2010, Mr O. entered into a contract for a period of one year in which the daily eighth-hour working time and the hour remuneration of 7,50 euro was agreed.
, however, he did not put forward any evidence that he had actually worked on the basis of that contract.
22 By decision of 21 January 2009, Mr O dismissed Maahanmuttovirasto’s request for a stay authorized by Mr O. for his stay, with the reason that Mr O. is not sufficient to pay his income.
in the present case, it was held that there was no reason for departing from the conditions relating to the living resources, as enables Article 39(1) of the Civil Act, in case of particularly serious circumstances or where the best interests of the child.
23 By judgment of 27 August 2009, Helsingin hallinto-oikeus (the Administrative Court of Helsinki) dismissed an action for annulment brought by Mr O. against that rejecting the rejection of the decision.
, Mr. O. and Mr O. brought an appeal against that judgment in the appeal to Korkein Hallinto-oikeus (Neigh Administrative Court).
Case C-357/11 25 Ms L., algerian nationality, legally staying in Finland since 2003.
in that country of residence permit, on the basis of her marriage with the Finnish national of Finnish.
I'm not currently here for the moment. I'm not here.
here Ben Stone here Ben Stone here.
ask what is happening?
Allison starts to cater, and you're not here. Allison starts to grow up, and you're not here.
and where are you? Where are you?
in San Francisco, you fucking bastard bastard bastard!
Luca, returned to this dirt to save me.
at least someone in this family wondering whether I die or not.
how did he get here? How did he get here?
, the elderly is ten years under the hold.
how did he get here? How did he get here?
he is a medium! He is a medium!
what, what, I, uh,? What, do I?
I don't understand what I don't understand is how you can risk my life, just to prove something to me.
don't play theater here. don't play the theater.
I would not like you. I would not have liked you.
, can we not return to the fact that I am a medium?
, when he is so smart, so let him explain it to you.
I showed it to you. I have shown it to you.
, that's what you're a wizard.
so, so you could tell me that shit normally, just say it was a good thing to tell me that.
before you say, you should know that my ex-wife thinks all my girls are fierce, so it's okay.
not it's not. Not it's not. Not it's not.
I really wanted your family to like me to be your family.
that's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice.
know what? Do you know what?
I think someone just stole my heart.
too soon? too soon?
I'm going to go on. I'm already going to get a closer to the time.
, he broke up with me. He broke up with me.
who? Who?
Ryan Ryan. Ryan Ryan.
was to break up his wife with his wife.
I know what you're going through now and I am really glad you came, but we must dress you in those clothes. Well, sweetheart?
take clothes down.
one of the last two things he told me. It is one of the last two things he told me.
, in order to ensure consistency with the provisions for access to the sugar market in the economic partnership agreements, it should pay without duty access to sugar and tariff quota for products subheading 17011110 open under the specific scheme for at least developed countries should be extended until 30 September 2009 with a proportional increase in volume.
, in addition, the importer of products of heading 1701 undertakes to purchase such products for the period from 1 October 2009 to 30 September 2012 at a price which will not be lower than the minimum price.
, Don Giovanni will take all responsibility, otherwise he would be hypocrats.
, therefore, we also subscribed OOADP, whether it is anything anymore.
, the Organization on the Protection of the American Dead Prales, Mr.
you are the foul that yes?
I'm just that there's nothing fun in this city that is happening in this city.
, I'm sure you'll go over it.
, for a few billion we can save one of the most important areas on Earth.
if you have some billion, go to that, because Congress doesn't mind it.
but no, but go on. But go on.
really we hate the ally of OOADP? ... how much more is it possible. Is it so?
What is more than China's Chinese may say.
I am all ten for the rescue of the planet, but the border is that if there is no company, we should at least prevent Chinese there.
, it is independent countries, Russelle.
so you can find some of the locations.
, Laura. Thank you, Laura.
"Greek and right," General, who was looking for a good settlement, "yes like something special.
you were not aware of my sadness, young men, that Lizaveta Prokofjevna had finally left for your disease - if you really die - he is so much of your sympathy, because of your regrettable words, and that hence on her name, preference and weight, he cannot suffer any dirt...
, the whole red, "If you go, we'll go, go with our dear Prince and"...
I thank you for the teaching, general," he interrupted him, and watching him with a serious, thoughtful look at him.
, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep!
nothing else knows nothing! Nothing else knows!
What are you behind father? What are you a father? What are you behind the father?
nothing good is taught from you. It's not easy to learn from you.
I will come for him. I shall come for him.
, in his bass, he will miss his service missile.
, in the base, perhaps, as a man of the service is finished.
Are you Marshall Lee Huntington? How can I help you? How can I help you?
, I do not think you should give this conversation without Mr. Huntington's presence.
Marshall's teacher. And there is not too good time. It's not very good.
we will find what they want.We will find what they want.
I heard enough about Lord Myron's Lord. It's Byron. It's a berth of the Byron.
Lord Byron Byron.
when we are in the name, you use Marshall or Lee?
friends tell me Marshall, but Lee family. - Why? Why?
... No ...
that is because of the dead girl in the hotel?
they will not be a hunch that bits.
now, we'll beat this year red?
I can't stand him up, Mimsy. I can't stand him up, Mimsy.
Jimmy's nuts, Jimmy's hausin, Jimmy's hausin.
, clowni, Mimsy, Mimsy.
, the Sofé, boss, boss.
listen to me Listen to me. Listen, listen to me.
s it's clear? It's a clear?
last three years, the team of blue defeated the team of reds.
Financial Framework 2014-2020 -** - Interinstitutional Agreement on budgetary discipline, cooperation in budgetary matters and sound financial management (debate)
Financial process 2014: common text (debate)
The Presidency declaration (Article 216 of the Rules of Procedure)
Merger of the Multiannual Financial Framework 2014-2020 -* (vote) *** (vote)
Interinstitutional Agreement on budgetary discipline, cooperation in budgetary matters and sound financial management (vote)
I have to dispose of it? Do you mind?
if you want to. If you want to. If you want.
How do you tell him how do you tell him? How do you tell him?
Robert Robert Robert. Robert. Robert.
dear Robert, dear Robert...
, wait, who did you get it?
Elisabeth Deouledová.
Deouledová!?
that you're not ashamed of being a pity!
dear Robert, I'm sorry that the impedimentary obstacle...
, but we must never meet again.
, relax, and relax, carefully.
Elisabeth Elizabeth.
and even if you have added to the following:
, this forest has not been the years of human leg of this forest.
, like you, brown eyes, brown eyes.
was pretty? was she pretty?
beautiful beauty. Beautiful.
but who are you?But who are you?
you're looking at the girl, you're probably going to the forest.
too much.
follow me.
Yes. Yes.
please go on.
sit down.
know what can this do? Do you know what this can do?
not. No. No. No.
shows what you really want in life to do in life. You really want to prove in your life.
, take it.
, the detailed rules for the implementation of this system should be laid down in this system, detailed rules should be laid down in this system should be laid down.
checks on conditionality may be completed prior to the receipt of payments and annual premiums pursuant to Article 92 of Regulation (EU) No 1306/2013 or after receiving them.
, in particular, where such checks cannot be completed before receiving such payments and annual premiums, the amount to be paid by the beneficiary as a result of administrative sanctions should be enforceable in accordance with this Regulation or initiated.
Regulation (EC) No 2/96 of the European Union (EC) No 40/96/2006, the rules governing the institutions in Member States responsible for the control system of the obligations in the field of conditionality of conditionality.
should be determined to determine the minimum level of checks for verification of the obligations on conditionality.
that level of control should be determined at least 1 % of the total number of beneficiaries under Article 92 of Regulation (EU) No 1306/2013, which fall within the scope of the competent control authorities and who must be selected on the basis of the corresponding risk analysis.
, in order to calculate the control sample, in the special case of a group of persons under Articles 28 and 29 of Regulation (EU) No 1305/2013, the Member States should be granted flexibility when determining whether the group will be assessed as a whole or each member of the group individually.
Member States should be able to choose whether the minimum level of control at each competent control body, at the level of the paying agency or at the level of the act or standards, or the set of acts or standards.
, where the specific legislation applicable to a measure or standards provides for minimum control levels, Member States should respect these rates.
, however, Member States should be allowed to use a single level of control for the spot-related checks on conditionality.
if Member States choose this option, all cases of non-compliance identified during the verification visit under sectoral legislation should be reported and subsequently monitored under conditionality.
in order to simplify the obligations in the field of conditionality in relation to Council Directive 96/22/EC ( 10 ) , the application of specific levels of sampling should be considered to meet the requirement of a minimum level set out in this Regulation.
Member States should be allowed to flexibility the necessary to achieve a minimum control rate of the results from other controls on the spot or replacement of beneficiaries.
to avoid the weakening of the control system, in particular as regards the selection of samples for the site control, the minimum control sample for conditionality should not take into account the subsequent checks carried out in relation to the de minimis rule referred to in Article 97(3) of Regulation (EU) No 1306/2013.
determination of the significant degree of non-compliance with the conditionality should lead to an increase in the number of checks at the point to reach an acceptable level of security as regards the accuracy of the aid applications in question.
you have not enabled a band on the band.
, Mom, sing... ...the song about the rabbit song.
I would like to be home with Dad. I would like to be home with my dad.
, if the rabbit caught the rabbit of the rabbit, when the rabbit caught the rabbit rabbit, and sing, when the rabbit rabbit will catch the rabbit, the rabbit is caught by the rabbit.
when the rabbit caught the rabbit of rabbit, when the rabbit caught a rabbit rabbit caught a rabbit of rabbit, and the rabbit is caught by the rabbit of the rabbit, and the rabbit of the rabbit is going to be caught by the rabbit.
is running in the house - I hate the song!
when the rabbit... ...when the rabbit... ...would like rabbbbbbbits of rabbbbbbits... ...to like rabbbbbbbits of rabbit... ...to like rabbbbbbbbits of rabbbit... ...to eat the rabbit of rabbit... ...
, and she began to walk--
"I can't imagine a month without it."
. - Mom, I want to go. - I want to go. - I want to go.
... ...take thought... ...take thought.
maybe if we waited...
When you see Ben... pick up him up and call me, okay?
if it takes five hours, we consider it...
should someone of the family... ...droduction of a child to take?
, very pleasant, but no fire.
no one. No one.
what do we do now?What do we do?
we should keep the decorum.
Mio Mio Mio.Mio.
you picked me up. You picked me up.
not personally. Not personally. Not personally.
you picked me up and I agreed.
, and gentlemen, he never takes his word back.
we must go to church and say "yes" and tomorrow we will be a man and a woman.
, and you will become a wonderful Queen Genovie Queen.
, I thank you for you. Thank you.
I'm still married today. I'm still married today.
, She's Getting Today, Maurice, Maurice.
your salmon, we have great delays, we have great delays.
, take a bust for happiness.
what do you want? What do you want? What do you want?
I wish that some meat on it was a meat.
two last two were particularly satisfactory.
I felt like I would really have found the Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
, that was Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
, don't be a lab, Baldrick.
what would Queen do here? What would she do here?
came to visit you for remuneration and for having you the most suitable man of England, you're given you 50,000 pounds and title Baron Blackzmires.
s Hello?
Yoy! Yeahy!!
's Hit ⁇ r ⁇ r ⁇ r ⁇ r ⁇ r ⁇ r ⁇ r ⁇ r ⁇ h ⁇ r ⁇ r ⁇ h ⁇ r ⁇ r ⁇ h ⁇ l!
all men are gambling! All men are gambling!
No, he is not. He's not.
we just need a little time to... ...take it... ...the reviewed it.
wake up and clean the caffe!!
is a susceptibility through the course!
was born as a scholar and died as a susceptor.
? Are you okay? Are you a good? Are you okay? Are you? Are you okay?
I know it's sadness that I've got you here. I know it's sadness that's gonna give you a look at you.
I shouldn't say it, but... I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here.
you missed the most of the time you missed.
you didn't visit me. You didn't visit me.
what happened is just sexy, hmm?
Yeah, JB Bernstein, JB Bernstein.
. Why do you give me this to take? Why do you give me a so?
you know you want to be there. You know you want to be there.
, great. Great.
well. Well.
Goodbye. Goodbye.
we have one. Maybe we have one. Maybe.
I have enough and I have enough. I have enough.
I don't know what to do, JB. I don't know what to do, JB.
I do, yes. I do.
, Come. Let's go.
Continue to the phone. Continue with the phone.
we need only one. We need only one.
more will follow the next will follow.
not. No. No. No.
, Rodney slowed us in the competition.
analysis of basic factors and the fact that the reference value is observed with a wide range, confirm a positive outcome on price stability criteria.
, in addition to Lithuania fulfils this criterion of Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Croatia, Hungary, Poland and Sweden.
– public debt and deficit The amount of the Governments Na Lithuania is currently not subject to Council Decision on the existence of excessive deficit (by Article 126(6) of the Treaty).
the ratio of the government deficit to GDP here fell from 5.5% in 2011 to 2.1% in 2013 and, according to the Commission's 2007 forecast, the Commission's spring 2014 deficit has to remain at 2.1% in 2014 at 2.1%.
overall public debt at the end of 2013 was 39.4% of GDP – that is significantly less than the Maastrichtan Limits.
, this criterion also meet Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania and Sweden.
Czech Republic will also satisfy this criterion if the Council decides to repeal the excessive deficit procedure as the Commission proposes.
, two Member States (Croatia and Poland) are currently subject to excessive deficit procedure and that criterion does not therefore satisfy.
the exchange rate stability In the exchange rate mechanism II (ERM II) is a currency exchange rate of a Member State which is not a member of the euro area, bound to the euro and can only be held in the limits (standard fluctuations bands in the  ⁇ 15% margin from the medium course).
Lithuania is a member of the ERM II from 28 June 2004.
no pressure was exposed to any pressure from the ERM II medium-rate clearance course during the two-year reference period and no departure from the ERM II medium rate.
, this criterion does not meet either another country, since there are currently no other Member State member of the ERM II Member State.
patients with rare hereditary problems with galactose intolerance, natural lactasy deficiency or malabsorption glucose and galactose malabsorption should not be used.
not. No. No. No.
I lack my friend's friend. I miss my friend.
... I'm not okay... so I'm not okay.
I will be. But I will be. But I will be. I will be. But I will be. I will be. I will be. But I will be. I will be.
will be great. I'll be great.
well. Well.
you sure you don't want to go with me taxi?
the car is not safe, Mom.
please...
you don't drive in cars.
night sky is much better for you than cars for you.
Ok, gold, gold.
Ok Ok Ok. Ok.
s Ok? Ok?
I want you to have my phone number... and I don't lose it.
Julie! Julie!!
right away, dread, dread!
Sweet Montek, goodbye.
Madam! Madam!
Mrs!!
, sir, Julie!Julie!
blessed, blessed night!
night and I fear that it is just a dream, too beautiful to be the reality of the fact.
three tables only, Romeo, then, indeed, good night, and the very good night.
if your love has honorable, and it is for the marriage, then take me tomorrow after the person who I send to you, where and when the ceremony will take place, and everything I have, Ti to my feet, and I go with you, my lord, the thirds of the world.
Mrs!!
if you don't like me, if you think you're...
, sir, Julie!Julie!
I'm going to go! I'm already going!
only this, Sebastiana, Sebastiana. Just this, Sebastiana.
you know how it works in our company, Mr. Bishop.
only two shareholders know details of the specific contractual contracts.
, in this case, two people knew details of two humans.
I and Harry McKenna, and Harry McKenna.
Harry sold us in Harry sold us.
we have a statement of account statements.We have accounts from the account.
See the last foreign transaction dreamed.
two weeks ago, someone had transferred $20,000 US dollars over the 20,000 a few weeks ago.
Zesterl, the Zeastrl, the weaknesses.
, the long-term experience of the debtor.
all of that was in him, that was a defeat of unwantedness.
I left no one more respect, but Harry McKenna went far away.
must be removed.
, immediately.
you look like a prince... ...from the Royality of the pins of the pins.
Hey, hey, hey, weapons are not vacationary.
, you'll have to take off the catany. You'll have to take off.
, really? Are you really?
, yes, this is a ball game!
that doesn't matter anyway. Well, it doesn't matter anyway.
what should it be? What should it be?What do you have?
B ⁇ lman team Slamák, Sanji, is in a rival circle!
Destroy is, Big Lord!
The audience are ready for the chess!
Mona finds him here. You can find him here.
George Judd. George Judd.
, it's him, here he, here.
when we told him that the pijavice drew to his balls, he was afraid of that he had been fainted out of that fainted.
that is what are you? Are you those? Are you those?
I'm the tiny one. I'm the little one.
who is, do this?
how could I forget? How did I forget?
Give me a hat with a rabbit and call me a magician.
Tadá!!!!!
, here we have it, with our miraculous clerk, and here we have it, with our miracle clerk.
, and he has a free passage.
Faul! Faul!!!
but go on, I hardly touched you!
, and so it starts. It starts.
don't give me a guilt for trying to try.
kids who listen now?
who is? Who do you? Who do you?
Yes. Yes.
the choice is unanimous.
, Captain, you, Captain.
I do not understand that? I don't understand. I don't understand.
please. Please.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. no.
I remember, father, I remember.
you play something we know.
please, Father, Father. Please, Father.
well Why did you tell me that? Why did you tell me?
what? What? What?
, in order to bring harmonism into harmonisation.
adjusted by the body, apprentices, flats or other pieces of meat or drugs which are exposed to sorting or for sale shall be kept in a cold so that the temperature provided for in Chapter XIV, point 66 of Annex I to Directive 64/433/EEC is ensured.
, where necessary, cold rooms for checking or cooling boxes for the issuing of goods.
and when they tried to move some threats, they found something special.
someone stole the body.
Aickman, Aickman.
or Jonah, Aickman or Jonah.
maybe, but why? Maybe, but why?
could we find anything else that cut off him?
I guess there is probably no service here?
one minute one minute. One minute.
please?
thanks to the thanks.
“We didn’t expect that we stayed here for so long.”
Phone: Phone: Phone: Telephone:
Fax Fax: Fax:
Translation and interpretation services of the Bulgarian languages of the Bulgarian languages.
Address: Address::
Prague 1 Prague 1 1 Prague 1 Prague 1  ⁇ s Praha 1  ⁇ s Praha 1  ⁇ s Praha 1  ⁇ s Praha 1  ⁇ s Praha 1  ⁇ s Praha 1  ⁇ s Praha 1  ⁇ s praha  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s  ⁇ s Praha ⁇ s Praha ⁇ s  ⁇ s Praha ⁇ s Praha ⁇ s  ⁇ 
wait, what do they expect?
will we scream every time when something attacks us?
... Baird... is here. It's here.
here? Here? Are you here?
Where? Where? Where?
I want to say, is it okay?
is angry at me so yeah, it's okay with me. It's fine, so yeah, it's okay.
, he wants us to go down here.
Colonel Baridová, the source of the circumference is the tours.
I think we'll find what it's doing. I think we'll find here what it's doing.
I think you want to go ahead and I'm going to go behind her. I think you'll be a good dealer.
, good plan. Good plan.
I can take care of myself. I can take care of myself.
is it suggesting that I'm not?
I don't, Bairdová, not. I don't, Bairdová.
's 'family' and 'muse' and 'mother' and he said it.
Why, someone dying? Why, do someone die?
your admission to faith. Your admission to faith is admitted.
convince these boys?
you know what you can do. You know what you can do.
I will not be guessed with you. I will not be with you. I will not be fighting with you.
, we don't have our priest, just just manage it.
, here we have, the rule 12 paragrap 9, give up.
I have a nephew who is spiritual, do you think that?
doesn't seem to me that you have a child in this team, the manager of the playground manager.
now it's a baseball, it's an American game, not some church service.
renature, how do you appoint?More, how do you appoint?
Hicks, Sam Hicks. Hicks, Sam Hicks.
"Des in Louisville, coach Sam Hicks said that baseball is more important than God.
Lobsang, now?
we ride, poison, poison!
Lhamo!!
Oh, no. Oh, no.
, but they found them. But they found them.
, the Dary of West West.
... The great 13th Dalai love...
: consider the importance of the Fourth of the Judgment of Truth.
What are the Fourth Judgment Truths of Truth?What are the Fourth of the Words?
Four born Truths are both taught by the ruler Buddha: Truth, Truth, Truth, Why we Trpme, we Trust, We Trust,
The truth about the end of the Utre-- - You are introducing yourself too pheny.
your head was shone.
Ling Rinpoche is your teacher.
you're leaning before him. You'll lean forward to him.
What are the causes of suffering?What are the causes of suffering?
EUTL website will enable the beneficiaries of the reports listed in Annex XIII to these questions by searching functions.
," he said, "that festival was fantastically useful."
"Afalte?" asked Zlota, asked Zlota.
"Yes, Mr Zlato?"
"Do you rather watch the way, yeah?"
, when the arciclier walked around his wisdom, the love had reclassured it.
was two meters long and very magical, very magnificent, and very magical.
, not that magic would be used so often again.
, according to his experience, what had been taken by several binths of two-meter oak holes, was so resistant to magic.
, sir, that we should also invite older men?" said Riffin.
do you speak French that not?
, the most odds.
, it looks like River.
, perhaps, drug dealler might have a drug dealer.
Jeff Winger Jeff Winger.
the main favorite, the main favorite.
Magnitudes Magnitud. Magnitudes.
it's a funer. It's a funer.
Pierce Hawthorne Hawthorne.
, the wolf snacks of woven spare.
I live with this guy with this guy. I live with this guy.
has nightmares and phone with heating.
Garrett. Garrett.
this guy is just a broodle.
, as if God had spattered the person.
, and Vicki, Vicki.
that is exactly the case. That is exactly the case. It is exactly the case.
, okay.
who is oking on the clackson?
Sidda and I'm going to look for a guy from the plane.
Hello. Hello.
I know you must be absolutely exhausted after so long but I could ask you to ask for a ride for one years, for my daughter?
not. No. No. No.
, sorry.
please?
, and now he wanted to be swooped.
I will pay you. I will pay you.
Madam, I fly to Baton Rouge.
, then, I'm flying to Macon in Georgia, morning.
I'll be there from 7 hours in the morning. I'll be there from 7 hrs.m. I'll be there from 7 hrs.
I can pay you the whole dollar and 18 cents.
I know they were looking for, uh, cleaner with experience, but...
- Aha, uh, wait, um, and what the hostess position? that you, you...
here we have something here. Here we have something here. Here we have something.
I'll go to a secret mission to jail.
one of the prisoners says he's a guardian with you in Hellfjord.
What if you could get out of the weekend?
do! Do!!!!!!!!
you go? Do you go too?
not. No. No. No.
you have five minutes. You have five minutes.
I know all of this! I know all of this!
wait! Wait!!!!
in which the interpretation of Paragraph 421g(1) of the second sentence of the SGB III, in the sense that employment subject to social insurance is only understood by the scope of the Sozialgesetzbuch, Community law to protect the free movement of services and free competition, in particular Articles 49, 50 and 87 in conjunction with Articles 81, 85 and 86 of the EC Treaty or other Community law?
(a) (a) (a)
what extent is possible or desirable interpretation of the regulation to prevent any breach under heading 3 in accordance with European law?
he claimed he was not normal. He claimed he was not a normal.
, let us do it.
, but we'll leave here until we find out how it was.
I hope that soon speaks soon.
Greg?Greg?
Hello. Hello.
I just printed something for you here. I just printed here for you.
for your case for that one of your case.
internet from the internet?
Yeah, I had a flat, a little time.
I was not afraid of the wife, but I was not the wife.
, for that, you are too much deserving from my mouth from me.
that's Claudia's Claudia.
Claudia's rich husband died too young, too, Claudi's rich husband died too.
when I returned, she was gone. - And nobody saw her. And nobody saw her.
what did she do with you? What did she do? Do you do?
s on it depends on it?
we will be heard, whether they say where they were.
, while it's a missing person. Nothing more now we can't do.
now we must go now. Now we must go.
! Fucking the fucking dead saby fucking fucking fucking off!
calm down.
is not suspicious of the crime committed.
we will observe our rules.We will respect our rules.
do you understand? Do you understand? Do you understand?
I recognize it. I recognize it.
Ove. Ove. Ove.
, Hi, Ove.
what is happening? What is happening?
"Do they look at why do these hours work?"
"What do you want to do?"
"Rozbiju is!"
"This will destroy the history of history!"
"So?" "So?"
he reached and took her hand and took her hand.
she felt the arm of arms as a shock as her arm.
!" he shouted at her, straight to the clock!" he called her.
"But-" "But-"" "But-""
"I am not talking about me!
I must remember!' I must remember!'
"Do you remember what?"
"All!"
Mr. White had already picked up the axe, but now he turned around now.
, but you can not trust the body too much.
I am glad that you are okay, sir.
, thanks to Fisher. Thanks, Fisher.
we were afraid of you, sir.
, before breakfast floods are not above, breakfast pay.
exactly, sir. Just, sir.
, let me a piece of paper and pencil.
, it is the number 17.
well. Well.
, I thank you, sir.
, okay, sync.
...Greek Street 24.
, well, I'm afraid.
I write and tell them to be proud of you. I will tell them to be proud of you.
I will tell you something, but it remains between us, I am scared to death.
, the width of the insolvency.
, but a black bread with butter, which has three hundred meters north of the car, he will be able to suffice enough in the car.
, this time six and half minutes, this time, six and half minutes.
, at least he looked down the forest on the east, perhaps he could wait for the sound of diesel engines, but he heard only the stretching of birds.
, this Chinese lieutenant was much more careful of that dual-girling, Bujkov thought.
should kill him as the first one, when he comes, he thought.
Alexander's kneeled rotmistrovi on the shoulder.
, Boris Jevgenijevi ⁇ i ⁇ i ⁇ i."
"Roz, Captain, Judge, Captain."
both got up, the first hundred meters were rushed, careful not to make noise too much, and then heard the Chinese start their cars.
. Add more things. Shopping, lamps, bed linen... TV... TV TV TV, i.e. TV
Yeah, I reminded them that you're a major one, with gold clubs and years in the list, do what they can.
so we came with such great idea that I had wrapped my hand with gase and the bandages and then we got into the plane, across the Atlantic to Curych, we were going out, dark, I went to the toilet and played in an incapable way, so that she opened the door and that she would help me.
only one who can suit me is Craig Grego...
, before Lindbergh flew off the Atlantic, he began to start on these ranchs.
is usually one month for every 10,000 ⁇  of the salary you expect.
Yeah, they say ... madness then it is right.
how did you imagine when you were...?
he, uh, uh, the fact he sat in that he sat.
it is incomprehensible ... according to the definition.
I am also. I am also. I also.
right. Well, okay.
, go, let's get a flight.
... what relationship do you actually have?What relationship do you have?
you know, you know, unenuced.
Article 197 Protection 1.
, their arrangement changed without any visible communication between animals—as a sea gloss on the fabric of the fabric.
, the tumbrimps told them that some ancient Galactic race that had once lived on Chathrhrennlin once, programmed those images into the peace as a kind of head.
had been able to decouplate anyone since that puzzle, if anything was to decipher.
Gillian wondered if the same picture did not create their own useful for his own.
, however, the Tymbrimial, the loving mystery, gave preference to their version.
, I mean, she had forgotten you for a long time.
I know I'm crazy, but I'd like to try it at least. I know I'm crazy, but I'd like to try it.
Princess, I like to meet you again. I like Princess again. I like you again.
V ⁇ o ⁇ o searches!
, the nucleusous.
, the accuracy of the accuracy.
Princess Balo! Princess Balo!
Princess Balo! Princess Balo!
... Balo, the princess, the greeting soldiers yet.
, Oh, she recognized me!
let it be. Let it be.
that boy did it.
Lodz was killed.
Hawkins killed him? Hawkins killed him?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
, but, uh, no, no, no, no, but, no, no, no, but, no, no.
, and he helped him hide the little red of June.
how? How? How? How? How?
, you wouldn't believe me if I told you that.
just trusted me, just trust me.
, there is no doubt about it.
, for Christ's wounds for Christ's wounds.
, dead or alive, the festive for me was nothing to mean for me.
he is not my problem. He is not my problem.
we have a bigger problem, Felixi.
[10] Not yet published in the Official Journal. [10] Not yet published in the Official Journal.
that must be enough to do it."
"But -" "But—"
Denubis had a confused hand to his forehead.
this will require a lot of messages, explaining the relevant factors.
can not just command the crowds of the temple guardians!
, Denubis," said the man slightly, said, and the man said slightly.
"On will not live long" for long ..."
Denubis swallowed Denubis.
- on the market! - on the market!
, the round probably costumes the crowd of the chumiles.
, the shame!!!!!!
priest-Krán ⁇ -Know was opened by the mouth, but then closed them again.
"Go, go.
I shall introduce you to my family."
"You don't understand," Silver said.
I might have done terrible, but a terrible mistake.
I might have to give you the paper. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what the paper should be. I don't know. I don't know.
Go from me from me. Go from me.
why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not?
I promise.
you might not have been able to give up so easy.
here is a gift for you. Here there is a gift for you.
your child. Your child. Your child.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
. - Nashle. - Nashle. - Nashle.
Thank you. Thank you.
in Greece, Jacquesi.
how are you? How are you? How are you?
, Johano, Welcome, Johano.
the path was good?
, let me give you all the information.
Come with me. Come with me.
, I'm not slowly out of this fish-fighting match.
